COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

This file is part of the FreeRTOS port. Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
http://www.FreeRTOS.org http://aws.amazon.com/freertos 1 tab 4 spaces!

FILES:
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/data/freertos10_xilinx.mld
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/data/freertos10_xilinx.mss
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

This file is part of the FreeRTOS port. Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
http://www.FreeRTOS.org http://aws.amazon.com/freertos 1 tab 4 spaces! Return
latest "ACTIVE" standalone BSP version

FILES:
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/data/freertos10_xilinx.tcl
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. If you wish to use our Amazon
FreeRTOS name, please do so in a fair use way that does not cause confusion. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
http://www.FreeRTOS.org http://aws.amazon.com/freertos 1 tab 4 spaces! / @file
FreeRTOSSTMTrace.h Contains FreeRTOS trace macros to write trace data to STM
address space on ZU+. STM generates STPI packets, which are consumed by SDK to
generate trace <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ----
-------- 1.00a sdm 07/15/16 Initial version </pre>

FILES:
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/FreeRTOSSTMTrace.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

This file is part of the port for FreeRTOS made by Xilinx to allow FreeRTOS to
operate with Xilinx Zynq devices. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge,
to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. If you wish to use our Amazon
FreeRTOS name, please do so in a fair use way that does not cause confusion. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
http://www.FreeRTOS.org http://aws.amazon.com/freertos 1 tab 4 spaces! Processor
architecture microblaze

FILES:
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Makefile_microblaze
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

This file is part of the port for FreeRTOS made by Xilinx to allow FreeRTOS to
operate with Xilinx Zynq devices. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge,
to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. If you wish to use our Amazon
FreeRTOS name, please do so in a fair use way that does not cause confusion. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
http://www.FreeRTOS.org http://aws.amazon.com/freertos 1 tab 4 spaces! Processor
architecture ps7_cortexa9

FILES:
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Makefile_ps7_cortexa9
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Makefile_psu_cortexr5
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

This file is part of the port for FreeRTOS made by Xilinx to allow FreeRTOS to
operate with Xilinx Zynq devices. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge,
to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. If you wish to use our Amazon
FreeRTOS name, please do so in a fair use way that does not cause confusion. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
http://www.FreeRTOS.org http://aws.amazon.com/freertos 1 tab 4 spaces! Processor
architecture psu_cortexa53

FILES:
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Makefile_psu_cortexa53
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

AUTHORS:
Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved., Amazon.com, Inc. or
its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. All Rights Reserved.

DATES:
2018, 2018-2019

NOTICE: MIT
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

FILES:
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/examples/freertos_buffer.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/examples/freertos_static_allocation.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/examples/freertos_task_stats.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/croutine.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/event_groups.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/FreeRTOS.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/StackMacros.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/croutine.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/deprecated_definitions.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/event_groups.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/list.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/message_buffer.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/mpu_prototypes.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/mpu_wrappers.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/portable.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/projdefs.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/queue.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/semphr.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/stack_macros.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/stream_buffer.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/task.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/include/timers.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/list.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/ARM_CA53/port.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/ARM_CA53/portZynqUltrascale.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/ARM_CA53/portmacro.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/ARM_CA9/port.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/ARM_CA9/portZynq7000.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/ARM_CA9/portmacro.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/ARM_CR5/port.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/ARM_CR5/portZynqUltrascale.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/ARM_CR5/portmacro.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/MicroBlazeV9/port.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/MicroBlazeV9/port_exceptions.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/MicroBlazeV9/portmacro.h
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/GCC/MicroBlazeV9/portmicroblaze.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/MemMang/heap_1.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/MemMang/heap_2.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/MemMang/heap_3.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/MemMang/heap_4.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/portable/MemMang/heap_5.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/queue.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/stream_buffer.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/tasks.c
ThirdParty/bsp/freertos10_xilinx/src/Source/timers.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/data/libmetal.mld
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/data/libmetal.tcl
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/data/lwip202.mld
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/data/lwip202.tcl
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/data/lwip211.mld
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/data/lwip211.tcl
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/data/openamp.mld
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/data/openamp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/data/aiengine.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/data/aiengine.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/examples/aie_sim_test/ext/sockcli/xsock.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/examples/aie_sim_test/ext/sockcli/xsock.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/examples/aie_sim_test/ext/sockcli/xsock_clitest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/examples/aie_sim_test/ext/sockserv/xsock_servtest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/examples/aie_sim_test/ext/top/xaiesim.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/examples/aie_sim_test/ext/top/xaiesim.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/examples/aie_sim_test/ext/top/xaiesim_elfload.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/examples/aie_sim_test/ext/top/xaiesim_elfload.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/examples/xaierts_test_app.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/Makefile
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/dma/xaiedma_shim.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/dma/xaiedma_shim.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/dma/xaiedma_tile.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/dma/xaiedma_tile.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/global/xaiegbl.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/global/xaiegbl.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/global/xaiegbl_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/global/xaiegbl_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/global/xaiegbl_params.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/global/xaiegbl_reginit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/global/xaiegbl_reginit.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/global/xaiegbl_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/lib/xaieconfig.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/lib/xaielib.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/lib/xaielib.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/lib/xparameters_aie.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_core.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_core.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_event.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_event.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_lock.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_lock.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_mem.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_mem.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_noc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_noc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_perfcnt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_perfcnt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_pl.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_pl.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_plif.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_plif.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_shim.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_shim.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_strm.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/tile/xaietile_strm.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/audio_formatter/data/audio_formatter.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/audio_formatter/data/audio_formatter.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/audio_formatter/src/xaudioformatter.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/audio_formatter/src/xaudioformatter.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/audio_formatter/src/xaudioformatter_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/audio_formatter/src/xaudioformatter_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/audio_formatter/src/xaudioformatter_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/avbuf/data/avbuf.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/avbuf/data/avbuf.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/avbuf/src/xavbuf.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/avbuf/src/xavbuf.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/avbuf/src/xavbuf_clk.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/avbuf/src/xavbuf_clk.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/avbuf/src/xavbuf_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/avbuf/src/xavbuf_videoformats.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/data/axicdma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/data/axicdma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/data/axicdma_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/data/xaxicdma_sg_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/data/xaxicdma_sg_poll_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/data/xaxicdma_simple_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/data/xaxicdma_simple_poll_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/examples/xaxicdma_example_hybrid_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/examples/xaxicdma_example_hybrid_poll.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/examples/xaxicdma_example_sg_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/examples/xaxicdma_example_sg_poll.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/examples/xaxicdma_example_simple_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/examples/xaxicdma_example_simple_poll.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma_bd.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma_bd.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma_bdring.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma_porting_guide.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xaxicdma_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axicdma/src/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/data/axidma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/data/axidma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/data/axidma_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/data/axidma_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/examples/xaxidma_example_multichan_sg_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/examples/xaxidma_example_poll_multi_pkts.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/examples/xaxidma_example_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/examples/xaxidma_example_sg_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/examples/xaxidma_example_sg_poll.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/examples/xaxidma_example_sgcyclic_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/examples/xaxidma_example_simple_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/examples/xaxidma_example_simple_poll.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma_bd.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma_bd.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma_bdring.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma_bdring.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma_porting_guide.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xaxidma_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axidma/src/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/data/axiethernet.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/data/axiethernet.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/data/axiethernet_fifo_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/data/axiethernet_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/data/axiethernet_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/data/axiethernet_mcdma_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/data/axiethernet_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/avb/xavb.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/avb/xavb.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/avb/xavb_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/avb/xavb_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/avb/xavb_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/avb/xavb_ptp_bmca.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/avb/xavb_ptp_packets.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/avb/xavb_rtc_sync.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_example_extmulticast.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_example_extvlan.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_example_intr_fifo.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_example_intr_mcdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_example_intr_sgdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_example_mcdma_poll.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_example_polled.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_example_util.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/examples/xaxiethernet_mcdma_ping_req_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/src/xaxiethernet.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/src/xaxiethernet.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/src/xaxiethernet_control.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/src/xaxiethernet_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/src/xaxiethernet_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/src/xaxiethernet_porting_guide.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/src/xaxiethernet_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axiethernet/src/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/data/axipcie.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/data/axipcie.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/examples/xaxipcie_ep_cdma_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/examples/xaxipcie_ep_enable_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/examples/xaxipcie_rc_cdma_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/examples/xaxipcie_rc_enumerate_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/src/xaxipcie.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/src/xaxipcie.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/src/xaxipcie_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/src/xaxipcie_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/src/xaxipcie_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/src/xaxipcie_porting_guide.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipcie/src/xaxipcie_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/data/axipmon.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/data/axipmon.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/examples/xaxipmon_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/examples/xaxipmon_ocm_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/examples/xaxipmon_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axis_switch/data/axis_switch.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axis_switch/data/axis_switch.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axis_switch/examples/xaxis_switch_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axis_switch/src/xaxis_switch.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axis_switch/src/xaxis_switch.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axis_switch/src/xaxis_switch_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axis_switch/src/xaxis_switch_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axis_switch/src/xaxis_switch_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axis_switch/src/xaxis_switch_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/data/axivdma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/data/axivdma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/data/axivdma_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/data/axivdma_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/examples/vdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/examples/vdma_api.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/examples/xaxivdma_example_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/examples/xaxivdma_example_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma_channel.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma_porting_guide.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xaxivdma_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axivdma/src/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/data/bram.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/data/bram.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/data/bram_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/data/bram_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/data/bram_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/examples/xbram_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/examples/xbram_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/src/xbram.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/src/xbram.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/src/xbram_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/src/xbram_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/src/xbram_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/src/xbram_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/bram/src/xbram_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/data/can.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/data/can.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/data/can_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/data/can_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/examples/xcan_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/examples/xcan_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/src/xcan.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/src/xcan.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/src/xcan_config.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/src/xcan_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/src/xcan_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/src/xcan_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/can/src/xcan_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/data/canfd.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/data/canfd.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/examples/xcanfd_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/examples/xcanfd_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/src/xcanfd.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/src/xcanfd.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/src/xcanfd_config.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/src/xcanfd_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/src/xcanfd_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/src/xcanfd_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/src/xcanfd_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canfd/src/xcanfd_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/data/canps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/data/canps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/data/canps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/data/canps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/examples/xcanps_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/examples/xcanps_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/examples/xcanps_watermark_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/src/xcanps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/src/xcanps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/src/xcanps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/src/xcanps_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/src/xcanps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/src/xcanps_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/src/xcanps_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/canps/src/xcanps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/data/ccm.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/data/ccm.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/examples/ccm_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/src/xccm.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/src/xccm.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/src/xccm_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/src/xccm_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/src/xccm_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/src/xccm_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ccm/src/xccm_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/data/cfa.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/data/cfa.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/examples/cfa_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/src/xcfa.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/src/xcfa.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/src/xcfa_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/src/xcfa_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/src/xcfa_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/src/xcfa_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfa/src/xcfa_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cframe/data/cframe.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cframe/data/cframe.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cframe/src/xcframe_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cframe/src/xcframe_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cframe/src/xcframe_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfupmc/data/cfupmc.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfupmc/data/cfupmc.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfupmc/src/xcfupmc_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfupmc/src/xcfupmc_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfupmc/src/xcfupmc_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/data/clk_wiz.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/data/clk_wiz.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/data/clk_wiz_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/data/clk_wiz_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/examples/xclk_wiz_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/src/xclk_wiz.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/src/xclk_wiz.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/src/xclk_wiz_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/src/xclk_wiz_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/src/xclk_wiz_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clk_wiz/src/xclk_wiz_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/examples/xclockps_i2c_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps_divider.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps_fixedfactor.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps_gate.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps_mux.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps_pll.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/src/xclockps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/data/common.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xbasic_types.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xbasic_types.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xenv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xenv_linux.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xenv_none.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xenv_standalone.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xenv_vxworks.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xparameters.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xstatus.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xutil.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xutil_memtest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xversion.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/common/src/xversion.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/coresightps_dcc/data/coresightps_dcc.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/coresightps_dcc/data/coresightps_dcc.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/coresightps_dcc/src/xcoresightpsdcc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/coresightps_dcc/src/xcoresightpsdcc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/data/cpu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/data/cpu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/src/fsl.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/src/xio.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/src/xio.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa53/data/cpu_cortexa53.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa53/data/cpu_cortexa53.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa53/src/xcpu_cortexa53.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa72/data/cpu_cortexa72.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa72/data/cpu_cortexa72.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa72/src/xcpu_cortexa72.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa9/data/cpu_cortexa9.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa9/data/cpu_cortexa9.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa9/src/xcpu_cortexa9.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexr5/data/cpu_cortexr5.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexr5/data/cpu_cortexr5.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexr5/src/xcpu_cortexr5.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/data/cresample.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/data/cresample.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/examples/cresample_conversion_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/examples/cresample_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/src/xcresample.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/src/xcresample.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/src/xcresample_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/src/xcresample_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/src/xcresample_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/src/xcresample_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cresample/src/xcresample_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/data/csi.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/data/csi.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/data/csi_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/data/xcsi_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/examples/xcsi_example_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/src/xcsi.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/src/xcsi.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/src/xcsi_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/src/xcsi_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/src/xcsi_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/src/xcsi_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi/src/xcsi_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/data/csi2tx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/data/csi2tx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/data/csi2tx_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/data/xcsi2tx_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/examples/xcsi2tx_example_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/src/xcsi2tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/src/xcsi2tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/src/xcsi2tx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/src/xcsi2tx_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/src/xcsi2tx_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/src/xcsi2tx_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2tx/src/xcsi2tx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/data/csi2txss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/data/csi2txss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/data/csi2txss_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/data/xcsi2txss_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/examples/xcsi2txss_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/examples/xcsi2txss_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/src/xcsi2txss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/src/xcsi2txss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/src/xcsi2txss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/src/xcsi2txss_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/src/xcsi2txss_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/src/xcsi2txss_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csi2txss/src/xcsi2txss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/data/csudma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/data/csudma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/data/csudma_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/data/csudma_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/examples/xcsudma_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/examples/xcsudma_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/examples/xcsudma_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ddrcpsu/src/xddrcpsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ddrps/src/xddrps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/data/deinterlacer.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/data/deinterlacer.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/examples/deint_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/src/xdeint.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/src/xdeint.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/src/xdeint_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/src/xdeint_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/src/xdeint_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/src/xdeint_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/src/xdeint_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/deinterlacer/src/xdeint_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/data/devcfg.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/data/devcfg.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/data/devcfg_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/data/devcfg_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/examples/xdevcfg_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/examples/xdevcfg_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/examples/xdevcfg_reg_readback_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/examples/xdevcfg_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/src/xdevcfg.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/src/xdevcfg.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/src/xdevcfg_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/src/xdevcfg_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/src/xdevcfg_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/src/xdevcfg_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/src/xdevcfg_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/devcfg/src/xdevcfg_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/data/dmaps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/data/dmaps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/data/dmaps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/data/dmaps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/examples/xdmaps_example_w_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/src/xdmaps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/src/xdmaps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/src/xdmaps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/src/xdmaps_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/src/xdmaps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/src/xdmaps_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dmaps/src/xdmaps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/data/dp12.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/data/dp12.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_rx_mst_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_rx_sst_dp159_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_tx_audio_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_tx_example_common.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_tx_example_common.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_tx_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_tx_mst_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_tx_poll_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/examples/xdp_tx_timer_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/src/xdp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/src/xdp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/src/xdp_edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/src/xdp_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/src/xdp_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/src/xdp_mst.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/src/xdp_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/src/xdp_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12/src/xdp_spm.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/xdprxss_kc705.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/xdprxss_kcu105.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx/xdprxss_zcu102_rxonly.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/xdprxss_debug_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/xdprxss_hdcp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/xdprxss_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/xdprxss_mst_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/xdprxss_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/dp/xdprxss_dprx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/dp/xdprxss_dprx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/hdcp1x/xdprxss_hdcp1x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/hdcp1x/xdprxss_hdcp1x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/iic/xdprxss_iic.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/iic/xdprxss_iic.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss_dbg.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss_dp159.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss_dp159.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/xdptxss_kc705.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/xdptxss_kcu105.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/zcu_tx/LMK04906.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/zcu_tx/clk_set.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/zcu_tx/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/zcu_tx/xdptxss_zcu102_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/xdptxss_debug_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/xdptxss_hdcp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/xdptxss_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/xdptxss_mst_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/xdptxss_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/dp/xdptxss_dptx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/dp/xdptxss_dptx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/dualsplitter/xdptxss_dualsplitter.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/dualsplitter/xdptxss_dualsplitter.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/hdcp1x/xdptxss_hdcp1x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/hdcp1x/xdptxss_hdcp1x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/vtc/xdptxss_vtc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/vtc/xdptxss_vtc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/xdptxss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/xdptxss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/xdptxss_dbg.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/xdptxss_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/xdptxss_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/xdptxss_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/xdptxss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/data/dp14.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/data/dp14.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_rx_mst_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_rx_sst_dp159_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_tx_audio_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_tx_example_common.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_tx_example_common.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_tx_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_tx_mst_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_tx_poll_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/examples/xdp_tx_timer_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/src/xdp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/src/xdp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/src/xdp_edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/src/xdp_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/src/xdp_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/src/xdp_mst.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/src/xdp_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/src/xdp_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14/src/xdp_spm.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/data/dp14rxss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/data/dp14rxss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_debug.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/clk_set.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/clk_set.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xdptxss_zcu102_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xdptxss_zcu102_tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/inc/LMK04906.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/inc/PLL_Conf.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/inc/xclk_wiz.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/inc/xedid_print_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/inc/xlib_string.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dp141.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt_vdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt_vid_phy_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/si570.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/si_5344.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/si_5344.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/si_5344_freqconfigs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/ti_lmk03318.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/ti_lmk03318.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xclk_wiz.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xdprxss_kcu105_dp14.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xedid_print_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xlib_string.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xlib_string.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xvid_pat_gen.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/aes256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/aes256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/eeprom.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/eeprom.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keygen_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_device.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_device.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_keyfile.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_keyfile.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_loader.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_loader.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_testkeys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/key/keys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_rx/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_rx/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_rx/ti_lmk03318.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_rx/ti_lmk03318.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_rx/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_rx/xdprxss_vcu118_dp14_rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_rx/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_rx/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/main.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/passthrough.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/rx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/xdprxss_zcu102_pt_dp14.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/aes256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/aes256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/eeprom.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/eeprom.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keygen_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_device.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_device.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_keyfile.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_keyfile.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_loader.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_loader.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_testkeys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/main.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/passthrough.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/rx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xdprxss_zcu102_dp14_pt_hdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xhdcp1x_debug.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xhdcp1x_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xhdcp1x_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xhdcp1x_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/clk_set.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/clk_set.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/ti_lmk03318.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/ti_lmk03318.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/xdprxss_zcu102_dp14_pt_mst.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/xdprxss_zcu102_rx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx_dp14/ti_lmk03318.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx_dp14/ti_lmk03318.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx_dp14/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx_dp14/xdprxss_zcu102_dp14_rxonly.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx_dp14/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx_dp14/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/xdprxss_debug_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/xdprxss_hdcp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/xdprxss_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/xdprxss_mst_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/xdprxss_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/dp/xdprxss_dprx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/dp/xdprxss_dprx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/hdcp1x/xdprxss_hdcp1x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/hdcp1x/xdprxss_hdcp1x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/hdcp22/xdprxss_hdcp22.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/hdcp22/xdprxss_hdcp22.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/iic/xdprxss_iic.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/iic/xdprxss_iic.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_dbg.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_dp159.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_dp159.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_mcdp6000.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_mcdp6000.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/data/dp14txss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/data/dp14txss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_debug.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/clk_set.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/clk_set.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xdptxss_zcu102_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xdptxss_zcu102_tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/inc/LMK04906.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/inc/PLL_Conf.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/inc/xclk_wiz.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/inc/xedid_print_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/inc/xlib_string.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dp141.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt_vdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt_vid_phy_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/si570.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/si_5344.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/si_5344.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/si_5344_freqconfigs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/ti_lmk03318.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/ti_lmk03318.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xclk_wiz.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xdptxss_kcu105_dp14.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xedid_print_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xlib_string.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xlib_string.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xvid_pat_gen.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/aes256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/aes256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/eeprom.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/eeprom.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keygen_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_device.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_device.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_keyfile.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_keyfile.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_loader.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_loader.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_testkeys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/key/keys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/clk_set.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/clk_set.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/si570.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/ti_lmk03318.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/ti_lmk03318.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/xdptxss_vcu118_dp14_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/xdptxss_vcu118_tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/vcu118_dp14_tx/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/main.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/passthrough.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/rx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/xdptxss_zcu102_dp14_pt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/aes256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/aes256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/eeprom.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/eeprom.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keygen_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_device.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_device.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_keyfile.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_keyfile.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_loader.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_loader.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keymgmt_testkeys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/keys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/main.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/passthrough.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/rx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xdptxss_zcu102_dp14_pt_hdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xhdcp1x_debug.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xhdcp1x_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xhdcp1x_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xhdcp1x_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/clk_set.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/clk_set.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/ti_lmk03318.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/ti_lmk03318.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/xdptxss_zcu102_dp14_mst_pt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/xdptxss_zcu102_mst_pt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_mst/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/clk_set.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/clk_set.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/ti_lmk03318.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/ti_lmk03318.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/xdptxss_zcu102_dp14_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/xdptxss_zcu102_tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_tx_dp14/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/xdptxss_debug_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/xdptxss_hdcp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/xdptxss_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/xdptxss_mst_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/xdptxss_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/dp/xdptxss_dptx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/dp/xdptxss_dptx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/dualsplitter/xdptxss_dualsplitter.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/dualsplitter/xdptxss_dualsplitter.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/hdcp1x/xdptxss_hdcp1x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/hdcp1x/xdptxss_hdcp1x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/hdcp22/xdptxss_hdcp22.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/hdcp22/xdptxss_hdcp22.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/vtc/xdptxss_vtc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/vtc/xdptxss_vtc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/xdptxss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/xdptxss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/xdptxss_dbg.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/xdptxss_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/xdptxss_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/xdptxss_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/xdptxss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/data/dpdma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/data/dpdma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/examples/xdpdma_video_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/examples/xdpdma_video_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/examples/xdppsu_interrupt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/src/xdpdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/src/xdpdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/src/xdpdma_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/src/xdpdma_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dpdma/src/xdpdma_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/data/dphy.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/data/dphy.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/data/dphy_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/data/xdphy_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/examples/xdphy_example_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/src/xdphy.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/src/xdphy.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/src/xdphy_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/src/xdphy_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/src/xdphy_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dphy/src/xdphy_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/data/dppsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/data/dppsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/examples/xdppsu_common_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/examples/xdppsu_common_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/examples/xdppsu_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/examples/xdppsu_poll_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/examples/xdppsu_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu_edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu_serdes.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu_serdes.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dppsu/src/xdppsu_spm.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/data/dsi.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/data/dsi.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/data/dsi_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/data/xdsi_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/examples/xdsi_example_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/src/xdsi.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/src/xdsi.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/src/xdsi_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/src/xdsi_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/src/xdsi_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/src/xdsi_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsi/src/xdsi_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/data/dsitxss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/data/dsitxss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/data/dsitxss_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/data/dsitxss_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/examples/xdsitxss_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/examples/xdsitxss_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/examples/xdsitxss_video_test_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/src/xdsitxss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/src/xdsitxss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/src/xdsitxss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/src/xdsitxss_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/src/xdsitxss_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/src/xdsitxss_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dsitxss/src/xdsitxss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/data/dual_splitter.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/data/dual_splitter.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/examples/xdualsplitter_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/src/xdualsplitter.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/src/xdualsplitter.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/src/xdualsplitter_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/src/xdualsplitter_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/src/xdualsplitter_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/src/xdualsplitter_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dual_splitter/src/xdualsplitter_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/data/emaclite.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/data/emaclite.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/data/emaclite_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/data/emaclite_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/data/emaclite_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/examples/xemaclite_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/examples/xemaclite_example_util.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/examples/xemaclite_internal_loopback_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/examples/xemaclite_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/examples/xemaclite_phy_loopback_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/examples/xemaclite_ping_reply_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/examples/xemaclite_ping_req_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/examples/xemaclite_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/examples/xemaclite_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/src/xemaclite.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/src/xemaclite.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/src/xemaclite_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/src/xemaclite_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/src/xemaclite_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/src/xemaclite_l.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/src/xemaclite_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/src/xemaclite_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emaclite/src/xemaclite_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/data/emacps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/data/emacps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/data/emacps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/data/emacps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_example_intr_dma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_example_util.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_ieee1588.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_ieee1588.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_ieee1588_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_bd.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_bdring.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_bdring.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_control.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emc/data/emc.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emc/data/emc.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emc/data/emc_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emc/src/xemc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/data/enhance.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/data/enhance.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/examples/enhance_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/src/xenhance.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/src/xenhance.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/src/xenhance_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/src/xenhance_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/src/xenhance_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/src/xenhance_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/enhance/src/xenhance_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gamma/data/gamma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gamma/data/gamma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gamma/examples/example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gamma/src/gamma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gamma/src/gamma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/generic/data/generic.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/generic/data/generic.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/data/gpio.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/data/gpio.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/data/gpio_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/data/gpio_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/data/gpio_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/examples/xgpio_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/examples/xgpio_intr_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/examples/xgpio_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/examples/xgpio_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/src/xgpio.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/src/xgpio.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/src/xgpio_extra.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/src/xgpio_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/src/xgpio_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/src/xgpio_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/src/xgpio_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/src/xgpio_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpio/src/xgpio_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/data/gpiops.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/data/gpiops.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/examples/xgpiops_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/examples/xgpiops_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_cipher.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_cipher.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_cipher_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_port.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_port.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_port_dp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_port_dp_rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_port_dp_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_port_hdmi.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_port_hdmi_rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_port_hdmi_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_port_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_rx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp1x/src/xhdcp1x_tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher/data/hdcp22_cipher.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher/data/hdcp22_cipher.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher/src/xhdcp22_cipher.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher/src/xhdcp22_cipher.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher/src/xhdcp22_cipher_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher/src/xhdcp22_cipher_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher/src/xhdcp22_cipher_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher/src/xhdcp22_cipher_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher_dp/data/hdcp22_cipher_dp.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher_dp/data/hdcp22_cipher_dp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher_dp/src/xhdcp22_cipher.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher_dp/src/xhdcp22_cipher.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher_dp/src/xhdcp22_cipher_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher_dp/src/xhdcp22_cipher_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher_dp/src/xhdcp22_cipher_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_common/data/hdcp22_common.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_common/src/aes.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_common/src/hmac.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_common/src/sha2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_common/src/xhdcp22_common.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_mmult/data/hdcp22_mmult.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_mmult/data/hdcp22_mmult.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_mmult/src/xhdcp22_mmult.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_mmult/src/xhdcp22_mmult.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_mmult/src/xhdcp22_mmult_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_mmult/src/xhdcp22_mmult_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_mmult/src/xhdcp22_mmult_linux.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_mmult/src/xhdcp22_mmult_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rng/data/hdcp22_rng.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rng/data/hdcp22_rng.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rng/src/xhdcp22_rng.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rng/src/xhdcp22_rng.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rng/src/xhdcp22_rng_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rng/src/xhdcp22_rng_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rng/src/xhdcp22_rng_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rng/src/xhdcp22_rng_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx/data/hdcp22_rx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx/data/hdcp22_rx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx/src/xhdcp22_rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx/src/xhdcp22_rx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx/src/xhdcp22_rx_crypt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx/src/xhdcp22_rx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx/src/xhdcp22_rx_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx/src/xhdcp22_rx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx/src/xhdcp22_rx_test.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx_dp/data/hdcp22_rx_dp.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx_dp/data/hdcp22_rx_dp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx_dp/src/xhdcp22_rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx_dp/src/xhdcp22_rx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx_dp/src/xhdcp22_rx_crypt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx_dp/src/xhdcp22_rx_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx_dp/src/xhdcp22_rx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx_dp/src/xhdcp22_rx_test.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx/data/hdcp22_tx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx/data/hdcp22_tx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx/src/xhdcp22_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx/src/xhdcp22_tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx/src/xhdcp22_tx_crypt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx/src/xhdcp22_tx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx/src/xhdcp22_tx_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx/src/xhdcp22_tx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx/src/xhdcp22_tx_test.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx_dp/data/hdcp22_tx_dp.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx_dp/data/hdcp22_tx_dp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx_dp/src/xhdcp22_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx_dp/src/xhdcp22_tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx_dp/src/xhdcp22_tx_crypt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx_dp/src/xhdcp22_tx_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx_dp/src/xhdcp22_tx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/data/hwicap.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/data/hwicap.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/data/hwicap_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/data/hwicap_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/examples/xhwicap_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/examples/xhwicap_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/examples/xhwicap_read_config_reg_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/examples/xhwicap_read_frame_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/examples/xhwicap_testapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap_device_read_frame.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap_device_write_frame.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hwicap/src/xhwicap_srp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/data/i2srx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/data/i2srx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/data/i2srx_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/examples/xi2srx_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx_chsts.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx_chsts.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx_debug.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/data/i2stx_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/data/xi2stx_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/examples/xi2stx_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/examples/xi2stx_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx_chsts.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx_chsts.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx_debug.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/data/iic.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/data/iic.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/data/iic_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/data/iic_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_dynamic_eeprom_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_eeprom_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_low_level_dynamic_eeprom_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_low_level_eeprom_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_low_level_tempsensor_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_multi_master_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_repeated_start_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_slave_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_tempsensor_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/examples/xiic_tenbitaddr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_dyn_master.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_l.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_master.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_multi_master.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_slave.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iic/src/xiic_stats.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/data/iicps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/data/iicps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/data/iicps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/data/iicps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_eeprom_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_eeprom_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_intr_master_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_intr_slave_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_polled_master_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_polled_slave_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_repeated_start_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_slave_monitor_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_master.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_slave.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/data/intc.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/data/intc.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/data/intc_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/data/intc_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/examples/xintc_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/examples/xintc_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/examples/xintc_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/src/xintc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/src/xintc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/src/xintc_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/src/xintc_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/src/xintc_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/src/xintc_l.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/src/xintc_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/src/xintc_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/intc/src/xintc_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/examples/xiomodule_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/examples/xiomodule_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/examples/xiomodule_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/examples/xiomodule_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_extra.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_io.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_l.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_stats.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_uart.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_uart_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/data/ipipsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/data/ipipsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/examples/xipipsu_self_test_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/data/llfifo.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/data/llfifo.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/examples/xllfifo_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/examples/xllfifo_polling_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/src/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/src/xllfifo.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/src/xllfifo.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/src/xllfifo_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/src/xllfifo_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/src/xllfifo_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/src/xstreamer.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/llfifo/src/xstreamer.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/data/mathengine.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/data/mathengine.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/examples/me_sim_test/ext/sockcli/xsock.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/examples/me_sim_test/ext/sockcli/xsock.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/examples/me_sim_test/ext/sockcli/xsock_clitest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/examples/me_sim_test/ext/sockserv/xsock_servtest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/examples/me_sim_test/ext/top/xmesim.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/examples/me_sim_test/ext/top/xmesim.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/examples/me_sim_test/ext/top/xmesim_elfload.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/examples/me_sim_test/ext/top/xmesim_elfload.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/examples/xmerts_test_app.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/Makefile
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/dma/xmedma_shim.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/dma/xmedma_shim.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/dma/xmedma_tile.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/dma/xmedma_tile.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/global/xmegbl.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/global/xmegbl.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/global/xmegbl_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/global/xmegbl_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/global/xmegbl_params.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/global/xmegbl_reginit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/global/xmegbl_reginit.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/global/xmegbl_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/lib/xmeconfig.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/lib/xmelib.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/lib/xmelib.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/lib/xparameters_me.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_core.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_core.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_event.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_event.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_lock.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_lock.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_mem.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_mem.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_perfcnt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_perfcnt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_plif.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_plif.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_shim.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_shim.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_strm.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/tile/xmetile_strm.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/data/mbox.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/data/mbox.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/data/mbox_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/data/mbox_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/examples/xmbox_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/examples/xmbox_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/examples/xmbox_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/src/xmbox.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/src/xmbox.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/src/xmbox_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/src/xmbox_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mbox/src/xmbox_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/data/mcdma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/data/mcdma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/examples/xmcdma_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/examples/xmcdma_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/src/xmcdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/src/xmcdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/src/xmcdma_bd.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/src/xmcdma_bd.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/src/xmcdma_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/src/xmcdma_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/src/xmcdma_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/src/xmcdma_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mcdma/src/xmcdma_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mig/data/mig.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mig/data/mig.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mig/src/xmig.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mig_7series/data/mig_7series.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mig_7series/data/mig_7series.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mig_7series/src/xmig_7series.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/data/mipicsiss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/data/mipicsiss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/data/mipicsiss_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/data/xcsiss_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xcsiss_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xcsiss_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/dp159.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/dp159.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/pipeline_program.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/pipeline_program.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/platform_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/sensor_cfgs.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/sensor_cfgs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/si5324drv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/si5324drv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/xmipi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/xmipi_menu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/examples/xmipi_ref_design/xmipi_menu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/src/xcsiss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/src/xcsiss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/src/xcsiss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/src/xcsiss_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/src/xcsiss_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/src/xcsiss_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mipicsiss/src/xcsiss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/data/mutex.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/data/mutex.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/data/mutex_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/data/mutex_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/examples/xmutex_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/src/xmutex.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/src/xmutex.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/src/xmutex_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/src/xmutex_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/src/xmutex_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mutex/src/xmutex_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/data/nandps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/data/nandps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/examples/xnandps_cache_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/examples/xnandps_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/examples/xnandps_skip_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/src/xnandps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/src/xnandps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/src/xnandps_bbm.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/src/xnandps_bbm.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/src/xnandps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/src/xnandps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/src/xnandps_onfi.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/src/xnandps_onfi.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandps/src/xnandps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/data/nandpsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/data/nandpsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/examples/xnandpsu_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/Makefile
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/xnandpsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/xnandpsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/xnandpsu_bbm.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/xnandpsu_bbm.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/xnandpsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/xnandpsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/xnandpsu_onfi.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/xnandpsu_onfi.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/nandpsu/src/xnandpsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/data/osd.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/data/osd.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/examples/osd_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/src/xosd.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/src/xosd.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/src/xosd_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/src/xosd_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/src/xosd_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/src/xosd_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/osd/src/xosd_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/data/ospipsv.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/data/ospipsv.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/examples/xospipsv_flash_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/examples/xospipsv_flash_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/src/xospipsv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/src/xospipsv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/src/xospipsv_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/src/xospipsv_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/src/xospipsv_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ospipsv/src/xospipsv_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/data/pciepsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/data/pciepsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/examples/xpciepsu_rc_enumerate_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/src/xpciepsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/src/xpciepsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/src/xpciepsu_caps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/src/xpciepsu_common.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/src/xpciepsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/src/xpciepsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pmonpsv/data/pmonpsv.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pmonpsv/data/pmonpsv.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pmonpsv/examples/xpmonpsv_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pmonpsv/src/xpmonpsv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pmonpsv/src/xpmonpsv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pmonpsv/src/xpmonpsv_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pmonpsv/src/xpmonpsv_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pmonpsv/src/xpmonpsv_sint.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/data/prc.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/data/prc.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/examples/xprc_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/examples/xprc_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/src/xprc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/src/xprc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/src/xprc_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/src/xprc_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/src/xprc_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prc/src/xprc_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/data/prd.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/data/prd.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/examples/xprd_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/examples/xprd_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/src/xprd.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/src/xprd.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/src/xprd_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/src/xprd_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/src/xprd_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/prd/src/xprd_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/data/qspips.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/data/qspips.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/data/qspips_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/data/qspips_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/examples/xqspips_dual_flash_lqspi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/examples/xqspips_dual_flash_stack_lqspi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/examples/xqspips_flash_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/examples/xqspips_flash_lqspi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/examples/xqspips_flash_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/examples/xqspips_g128_flash_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/examples/xqspips_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/src/xqspips.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/src/xqspips.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/src/xqspips_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/src/xqspips_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/src/xqspips_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/src/xqspips_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/src/xqspips_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspips/src/xqspips_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/data/qspipsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/data/qspipsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_generic_flash_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_generic_flash_lqspi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_generic_flash_polled_64bit_dma_r5_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_generic_flash_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_polldata_polltimeout_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_write_protect_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/resetps/data/resetps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/resetps/data/resetps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/resetps/examples/xresetps_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/resetps/src/xresetps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/resetps/src/xresetps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/resetps/src/xresetps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/resetps/src/xresetps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/resetps/src/xresetps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/data/rfdc.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/data/rfdc.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/examples/xrfdc_clk.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/examples/xrfdc_clk.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/examples/xrfdc_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/examples/xrfdc_mts_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/examples/xrfdc_read_write_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/examples/xrfdc_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc_clock.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc_mb.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc_mixer.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc_mts.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc_mts.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rfdc/src/xrfdc_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/data/rgb2ycrcb.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/data/rgb2ycrcb.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/examples/rgb2ycrcb_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/examples/rgb2ycrcb_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/src/xrgb2ycrcb.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/src/xrgb2ycrcb.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/src/xrgb2ycrcb_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/src/xrgb2ycrcb_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/src/xrgb2ycrcb_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/src/xrgb2ycrcb_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rgb2ycrcb/src/xrgb2ycrcb_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/data/rtcpsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/data/rtcpsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/examples/xrtcpsu_alarm_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/examples/xrtcpsu_alarm_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/examples/xrtcpsu_periodic_alarm_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/examples/xrtcpsu_seconds_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/examples/xrtcpsu_seconds_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/examples/xrtcpsu_set_calibration_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/examples/xrtcpsu_set_time_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/src/xrtcpsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/src/xrtcpsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/src/xrtcpsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/src/xrtcpsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/src/xrtcpsu_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/src/xrtcpsu_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/rtcpsu/src/xrtcpsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/data/scugic.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/data/scugic.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/data/scugic_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/data/scugic_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/examples/xscugic_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/examples/xscugic_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/examples/xscugic_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/data/scutimer.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/data/scutimer.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/data/scutimer_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/data/scutimer_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/examples/xscutimer_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/examples/xscutimer_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/src/xscutimer.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/src/xscutimer.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/src/xscutimer_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/src/xscutimer_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/src/xscutimer_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scutimer/src/xscutimer_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/data/scuwdt.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/data/scuwdt.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/data/scuwdt_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/data/scuwdt_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/examples/xscuwdt_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/examples/xscuwdt_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/src/xscuwdt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/src/xscuwdt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/src/xscuwdt_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/src/xscuwdt_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/src/xscuwdt_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scuwdt/src/xscuwdt_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sd_fec/data/sd_fec.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sd_fec/data/sd_fec.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sd_fec/src/Makefile
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sd_fec/src/xsdfec.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sd_fec/src/xsdfec.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sd_fec/src/xsdfec_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sd_fec/src/xsdfec_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdi_common/data/sdi_common.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdi_common/src/xv_sdivid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdi_common/src/xv_sdivid.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/data/sdiaud.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/data/sdiaud_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/data/xsdiaud_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/examples/xsdiaud_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/src/xsdiaud.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/src/xsdiaud.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/src/xsdiaud_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/src/xsdiaud_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/src/xsdiaud_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/src/xsdiaud_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/data/sdps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/data/sdps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/data/spdif.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/data/spdif.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/data/spdif_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/examples/xspdif_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/examples/xspdif_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/src/xspdif.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/src/xspdif.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/src/xspdif_chsts.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/src/xspdif_chsts.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/src/xspdif_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/src/xspdif_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/src/xspdif_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/src/xspdif_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/data/spi.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/data/spi.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/data/spi_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/data/spi_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/data/spi_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_atmel_flash_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_eeprom_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_intel_flash_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_numonyx_flash_quad_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_slave_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_slave_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_stm_flash_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_winbond_flash_quad_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/examples/xspi_winbond_flash_xip_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/src/xspi.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/src/xspi.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/src/xspi_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/src/xspi_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/src/xspi_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/src/xspi_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/src/xspi_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/src/xspi_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spi/src/xspi_stats.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/data/spips.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/data/spips.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/data/spips_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/data/spips_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_eeprom_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_eeprom_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_flash_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_flash_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_slave_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/srio/data/srio.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/srio/data/srio.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/srio/examples/xsrio_dma_loopback_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/srio/src/xsrio.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/srio/src/xsrio.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/srio/src/xsrio_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/srio/src/xsrio_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/srio/src/xsrio_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/data/sysmon.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/data/sysmon.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/data/sysmon_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/data/sysmon_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/data/sysmon_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/examples/xsysmon_aux_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/examples/xsysmon_extmux_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/examples/xsysmon_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/examples/xsysmon_intr_printf_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/examples/xsysmon_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/examples/xsysmon_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/examples/xsysmon_polled_printf_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/examples/xsysmon_single_ch_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/src/xsysmon.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/src/xsysmon.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/src/xsysmon_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/src/xsysmon_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/src/xsysmon_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/src/xsysmon_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmon/src/xsysmon_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/data/sysmonpsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/data/sysmonpsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/data/sysmonpsu_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/data/sysmonpsu_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/examples/xsysmonpsu_ams_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/examples/xsysmonpsu_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/examples/xsysmonpsu_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/examples/xsysmonpsu_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/examples/xsysmonpsu_single_ch_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/src/xsysmonpsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/src/xsysmonpsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/src/xsysmonpsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/src/xsysmonpsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/src/xsysmonpsu_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/src/xsysmonpsu_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsu/src/xsysmonpsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsv/data/sysmonpsv.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsv/data/sysmonpsv.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsv/src/xsysmonpsv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsv/src/xsysmonpsv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsv/src/xsysmonpsv_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsv/src/xsysmonpsv_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sysmonpsv/src/xsysmonpsv_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tft/data/tft.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tft/data/tft.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tft/examples/xtft_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tft/src/xtft.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tft/src/xtft.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tft/src/xtft_charcode.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tft/src/xtft_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tft/src/xtft_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tft/src/xtft_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/data/tmr_inject.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/data/tmr_inject.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/data/tmr_inject_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/data/tmr_inject_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/examples/xtmr_inject_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/examples/xtmr_inject_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/src/xtmr_inject.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/src/xtmr_inject.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/src/xtmr_inject_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/src/xtmr_inject_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/src/xtmr_inject_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/src/xtmr_inject_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_inject/src/xtmr_inject_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/data/tmr_manager.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/data/tmr_manager.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/data/tmr_manager_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/data/tmr_manager_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/data/tmr_manager_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/examples/xtmr_manager_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/examples/xtmr_manager_intr_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/examples/xtmr_manager_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/examples/xtmr_manager_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/examples/xtmr_manager_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager_recover.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager_sem.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmr_manager/src/xtmr_manager_stats.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/data/tmrctr.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/data/tmrctr.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/data/tmrctr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/data/tmrctr_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/data/tmrctr_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/examples/xtmrctr_fast_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/examples/xtmrctr_intr_64bit_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/examples/xtmrctr_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/examples/xtmrctr_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/examples/xtmrctr_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/examples/xtmrctr_pwm_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/examples/xtmrctr_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr_l.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tmrctr/src/xtmrctr_stats.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/data/tpg.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/data/tpg.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/examples/tpg_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/src/xtpg.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/src/xtpg.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/src/xtpg_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/src/xtpg_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/src/xtpg_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/src/xtpg_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/tpg/src/xtpg_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/data/trafgen.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/data/trafgen.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/examples/xtrafgen_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/examples/xtrafgen_master_streaming_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/examples/xtrafgen_polling_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/examples/xtrafgen_static_mode_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/src/xtrafgen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/src/xtrafgen.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/src/xtrafgen_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/src/xtrafgen_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/trafgen/src/xtrafgen_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/data/ttcps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/data/ttcps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/data/ttcps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/data/ttcps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/examples/xttcps_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/examples/xttcps_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/examples/xttcps_rtc_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/examples/xttcps_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/data/uartlite.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/data/uartlite.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/data/uartlite_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/data/uartlite_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/data/uartlite_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/examples/xuartlite_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/examples/xuartlite_intr_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/examples/xuartlite_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/examples/xuartlite_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/examples/xuartlite_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite_l.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartlite/src/xuartlite_stats.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/data/uartns550.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/data/uartns550.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/data/uartns550_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/data/uartns550_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/data/uartns550_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/examples/xuartns550_hello_world_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/examples/xuartns550_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/examples/xuartns550_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/examples/xuartns550_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/examples/xuartns550_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_format.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_l.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartns550/src/xuartns550_stats.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/data/uartps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/data/uartps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/data/uartps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/data/uartps_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/data/uartps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/examples/xuartps_hello_world_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/examples/xuartps_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/examples/xuartps_low_echo_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/examples/xuartps_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/examples/xuartps_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/src/xuartps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/src/xuartps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/src/xuartps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/src/xuartps_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/src/xuartps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/src/xuartps_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/src/xuartps_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/src/xuartps_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartps/src/xuartps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/data/uartpsv.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/data/uartpsv.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/data/uartpsv_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/data/uartpsv_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/data/uartpsv_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/examples/xuartpsv_hello_world_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/examples/xuartpsv_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/examples/xuartpsv_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/src/xuartpsv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/src/xuartpsv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/src/xuartpsv_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/src/xuartpsv_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/src/xuartpsv_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/src/xuartpsv_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/src/xuartpsv_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/src/xuartpsv_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/data/usb.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/data/usb.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_microphone.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_microphone.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_phy_read_write.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/data/usbps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/data/usbps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/examples/xusbps_ch9.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/examples/xusbps_ch9.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/examples/xusbps_ch9_storage.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/examples/xusbps_ch9_storage.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/examples/xusbps_class_storage.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/examples/xusbps_class_storage.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/examples/xusbps_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/src/xusbps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/src/xusbps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/src/xusbps_endpoint.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/src/xusbps_endpoint.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/src/xusbps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/src/xusbps_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/src/xusbps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/src/xusbps_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbps/src/xusbps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/data/usbpsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/data/usbpsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_audio_dfu_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_audio_dfu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_audio_dfu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_composite.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_composite.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_dfu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_dfu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_storage.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_storage.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_audio_dfu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_audio_dfu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_composite.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_composite.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_dfu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_dfu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_storage.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_storage.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_composite_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_dfu_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_audio.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_ch9_audio.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_ch9_audio.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_ch9_composite.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_ch9_composite.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_ch9_keyboard.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_ch9_keyboard.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_ch9_storage.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_ch9_storage.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_class_audio.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_class_audio.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_class_composite.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_class_composite.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_class_keyboard.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_class_keyboard.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_class_storage.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_class_storage.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_composite.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_dfu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_keyboard.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_freertos_massstorage.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_poll_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_wrapper.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_wrapper.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_controltransfers.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_endpoint.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_endpoint.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_hibernation.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_axi4s_remap/data/v_axi4s_remap.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_axi4s_remap/data/v_axi4s_remap.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_axi4s_remap/src/xv_axi4s_remap.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_axi4s_remap/src/xv_axi4s_remap_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_csc/data/v_csc.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_csc/data/v_csc.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_csc/src/xv_csc_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_csc/src/xv_csc_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_csc/src/xv_csc_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_deinterlacer/data/v_deinterlacer.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_deinterlacer/data/v_deinterlacer.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_deinterlacer/src/xv_deinterlacer_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_deinterlacer/src/xv_deinterlacer_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_deinterlacer/src/xv_deinterlacer_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_demosaic/data/v_demosaic.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_demosaic/data/v_demosaic.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_demosaic/examples/src/main.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_demosaic/examples/vdemosaic_example.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_demosaic/src/xv_demosaic_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_rd/data/v_frmbuf_rd.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_rd/data/v_frmbuf_rd.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_rd/examples/src/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_rd/examples/src/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_rd/examples/src/xv_frmbufrd_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_rd/src/xv_frmbufrd_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_rd/src/xv_frmbufrd_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_rd/src/xv_frmbufrd_l2_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_wr/data/v_frmbuf_wr.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_wr/data/v_frmbuf_wr.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_wr/examples/src/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_wr/examples/src/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_wr/examples/src/xv_frmbufwr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_wr/src/xv_frmbufwr_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_wr/src/xv_frmbufwr_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_gamma_lut/data/v_gamma_lut.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_gamma_lut/data/v_gamma_lut.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_gamma_lut/src/xv_gamma_lut_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hcresampler/data/v_hcresampler.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hcresampler/data/v_hcresampler.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hcresampler/src/xv_hcresampler_coeff.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hcresampler/src/xv_hcresampler_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hcresampler/src/xv_hcresampler_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hcresampler/src/xv_hcresampler_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmi_common/data/v_hdmi_common.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmi_common/src/xv_hdmic.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmi_common/src/xv_hdmic.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmi_common/src/xv_hdmic_vsif.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmi_common/src/xv_hdmic_vsif.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/data/v_hdmiphy1.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/data/v_hdmiphy1.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_gt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_gthe3.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_gthe4.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_gtye4.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_gtye5.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_hdmi.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_hdmi.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_hdmi_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_i.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_mmcme3.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_mmcme4.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_mmcme5.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/data/v_hdmirx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/data/v_hdmirx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/src/xv_hdmirx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/src/xv_hdmirx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/src/xv_hdmirx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/src/xv_hdmirx_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/src/xv_hdmirx_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/src/xv_hdmirx_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/src/xv_hdmirx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/src/xv_hdmirx_vsif.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirx/src/xv_hdmirx_vsif.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/data/v_hdmirxss_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/aes.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/hmac.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/sha2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/xhdcp22_common.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/platforms/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/platforms/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdcp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_edid.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_menu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_menu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/Repeater/xhdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/Repeater/xhdcp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/Repeater/xhdmi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/Repeater/xhdmi_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RepeaterProfessional/xhdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RepeaterProfessional/xhdcp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RepeaterProfessional/xhdmi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RepeaterProfessional/xhdmi_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RxOnly/xhdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RxOnly/xhdcp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RxOnly/xhdmi_edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RxOnly/xhdmi_edid.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RxOnly/xhdmi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RxOnly/xhdmi_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RxOnly/xhdmi_menu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RxOnly/xhdmi_menu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/audiogen_drv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/audiogen_drv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/dp159.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/dp159.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/si5324drv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/si5324drv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xhdmi_hdcp_keys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xhdmi_hdcp_keys.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xhdmi_hdcp_keys_table.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/src/xv_hdmirxss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/src/xv_hdmirxss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/src/xv_hdmirxss_coreinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/src/xv_hdmirxss_coreinit.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/src/xv_hdmirxss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/src/xv_hdmirxss_hdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/src/xv_hdmirxss_log.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/src/xv_hdmirxss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/data/v_hdmitx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/data/v_hdmitx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/src/xv_hdmitx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/src/xv_hdmitx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/src/xv_hdmitx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/src/xv_hdmitx_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/src/xv_hdmitx_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/src/xv_hdmitx_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/src/xv_hdmitx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/src/xv_hdmitx_vsif.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitx/src/xv_hdmitx_vsif.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/data/v_hdmitxss_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/aes.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/hmac.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/sha2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/xhdcp22_common.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/platforms/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/platforms/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/I2S/audiogen_drv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/I2S/audiogen_drv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/I2S/xhdmi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/I2S/xhdmi_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/I2S/xhdmi_i2s_audio.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/I2S/xhdmi_menu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/I2S/xhdmi_menu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdcp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_edid.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_menu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/PassThrough/xhdmi_menu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/Repeater/xhdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/Repeater/xhdcp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/Repeater/xhdmi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/Repeater/xhdmi_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RepeaterProfessional/xhdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RepeaterProfessional/xhdcp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RepeaterProfessional/xhdmi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/RepeaterProfessional/xhdmi_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/TxOnly/xhdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/TxOnly/xhdcp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/TxOnly/xhdmi_edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/TxOnly/xhdmi_edid.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/TxOnly/xhdmi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/TxOnly/xhdmi_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/TxOnly/xhdmi_menu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/TxOnly/xhdmi_menu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/audiogen_drv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/audiogen_drv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/dp159.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/dp159.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/si5324drv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/si5324drv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xhdmi_hdcp_keys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xhdmi_hdcp_keys.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xhdmi_hdcp_keys_table.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/src/xv_hdmitxss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/src/xv_hdmitxss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/src/xv_hdmitxss_coreinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/src/xv_hdmitxss_coreinit.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/src/xv_hdmitxss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/src/xv_hdmitxss_hdcp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/src/xv_hdmitxss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hscaler/data/v_hscaler.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hscaler/data/v_hscaler.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hscaler/src/xv_hscaler_coeff.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hscaler/src/xv_hscaler_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hscaler/src/xv_hscaler_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hscaler/src/xv_hscaler_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_letterbox/data/v_letterbox.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_letterbox/data/v_letterbox.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_letterbox/src/xv_letterbox_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_letterbox/src/xv_letterbox_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_letterbox/src/xv_letterbox_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_mix/data/v_mix.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_mix/data/v_mix.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_mix/examples/src/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_mix/examples/src/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_mix/examples/src/xv_mix_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_mix/src/xv_mix_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_mix/src/xv_mix_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_mix/src/xv_mix_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_mix/src/xv_mix_l2_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_multi_scaler/src/xv_multi_scaler_coeff.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_multi_scaler/src/xv_multi_scaler_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_multi_scaler/src/xv_multi_scaler_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_scenechange/examples/src/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_scenechange/examples/src/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_scenechange/examples/src/xv_scenechange_memory_mode_ex.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_scenechange/examples/src/xv_scenechange_stream_mode_ex.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_scenechange/src/xv_scenechange_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_scenechange/src/xv_scenechange_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/data/v_sdirx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/data/v_sdirx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/examples/xv_sdirx_example_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/src/xv_sdirx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/src/xv_sdirx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/src/xv_sdirx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/src/xv_sdirx_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/src/xv_sdirx_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/src/xv_sdirx_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirx/src/xv_sdirx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/data/v_sdirxss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/data/v_sdirxss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/data/v_sdirxss_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/data/xv_sdirxss_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_ctlr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_ctlr.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_gpio.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_gpio.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_iic.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_iic.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_init_table.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_init_table.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_spi.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/fzetta_fmc/fzetta_fmc_spi.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/kcu116_xuhdsdi_example/main.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_example/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_example/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_example/platform_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_example/si5324drv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_example/si5324drv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_example/xsdi_menu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_example/xsdi_menu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_example/xuhdsdi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xv_sdirxss_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/src/xv_sdirxss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/src/xv_sdirxss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/src/xv_sdirxss_coreinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/src/xv_sdirxss_coreinit.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/src/xv_sdirxss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/src/xv_sdirxss_log.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/src/xv_sdirxss_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/src/xv_sdirxss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/data/v_sditx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/data/v_sditx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/examples/xv_sditx_example_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/src/xv_sditx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/src/xv_sditx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/src/xv_sditx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/src/xv_sditx_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/src/xv_sditx_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/src/xv_sditx_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditx/src/xv_sditx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/data/v_sditxss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/data/v_sditxss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/data/v_sditxss_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/data/xv_sditxss_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/examples/xuhdsdi_pixco_example/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/examples/xuhdsdi_pixco_example/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/examples/xuhdsdi_pixco_example/platform_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/examples/xuhdsdi_pixco_example/si570drv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/examples/xuhdsdi_pixco_example/si570drv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/examples/xuhdsdi_pixco_example/xsdi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/examples/xuhdsdi_pixco_example/xsdi_menu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/examples/xuhdsdi_pixco_example/xsdi_menu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/examples/xv_sditxss_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/src/xv_sditxss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/src/xv_sditxss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/src/xv_sditxss_coreinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/src/xv_sditxss_coreinit.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/src/xv_sditxss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/src/xv_sditxss_log.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/src/xv_sditxss_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sditxss/src/xv_sditxss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_tpg/data/v_tpg.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_tpg/data/v_tpg.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_tpg/examples/main.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_tpg/src/xv_tpg_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vcresampler/data/v_vcresampler.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vcresampler/data/v_vcresampler.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vcresampler/src/xv_vcresampler_coeff.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vcresampler/src/xv_vcresampler_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vcresampler/src/xv_vcresampler_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vcresampler/src/xv_vcresampler_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_decap/data/v_voip_decap.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_decap/data/v_voip_decap.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_decap/src/xdecap.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_decap/src/xdecap.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_decap/src/xdecap_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_decap/src/xdecap_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_decap/src/xdecap_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_depacketizer56/data/v_voip_depacketizer56.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_depacketizer56/data/v_voip_depacketizer56.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_depacketizer56/src/xdepacketizer56.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_depacketizer56/src/xdepacketizer56.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_depacketizer56/src/xdepacketizer56_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_depacketizer56/src/xdepacketizer56_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_depacketizer56/src/xdepacketizer56_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_rx/data/v_voip_fec_rx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_rx/data/v_voip_fec_rx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_rx/src/xvoipfec_rx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_rx/src/xvoipfec_rx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_rx/src/xvoipfec_rx_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_rx/src/xvoipfec_rx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_tx/data/v_voip_fec_tx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_tx/data/v_voip_fec_tx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_tx/src/xvoipfec_tx.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_tx/src/xvoipfec_tx.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_tx/src/xvoipfec_tx_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_fec_tx/src/xvoipfec_tx_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_framer/data/v_voip_framer.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_framer/data/v_voip_framer.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_framer/src/xframer.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_framer/src/xframer.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_framer/src/xframer_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_framer/src/xframer_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_packetizer56/data/v_voip_packetizer56.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_packetizer56/data/v_voip_packetizer56.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_packetizer56/src/xpacketizer56.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_packetizer56/src/xpacketizer56.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_packetizer56/src/xpacketizer56_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_packetizer56/src/xpacketizer56_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_voip_packetizer56/src/xpacketizer56_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vscaler/data/v_vscaler.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vscaler/data/v_vscaler.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vscaler/src/xv_vscaler_coeff.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vscaler/src/xv_vscaler_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vscaler/src/xv_vscaler_l2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_vscaler/src/xv_vscaler_l2.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/data/video_common.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/examples/xvidc_edid_print_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/examples/xvidc_edid_print_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/src/xvidc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/src/xvidc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/src/xvidc_edid.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/src/xvidc_edid.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/src/xvidc_edid_ext.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/src/xvidc_timings_table.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/data/vphy.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/data/vphy.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_dp.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_dp.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_gt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_gthe2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_gthe3.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_gthe4.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_gtpe2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_gtxe2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_gtye4.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_hdmi.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_hdmi.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_hdmi_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_i.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_log.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_mmcme2.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_mmcme3.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_mmcme4.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vphy/src/xvphy_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/data/vprocss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/data/vprocss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/examples/src/periph.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/examples/src/periph.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/examples/src/system.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/examples/src/system.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/examples/src/xv_procss_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/vdma/xvprocss_vdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/vdma/xvprocss_vdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss_coreinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss_coreinit.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss_log.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss_log.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss_router.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss_router.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vprocss/src/xvprocss_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/data/vtc.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/data/vtc.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/examples/vtc_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/src/xvtc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/src/xvtc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/src/xvtc_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/src/xvtc_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/src/xvtc_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/src/xvtc_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/vtc/src/xvtc_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/data/wdtps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/data/wdtps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/data/wdtps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/data/wdtps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/examples/xwdtps_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/examples/xwdtps_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/examples/xwdtps_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/src/xwdtps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/src/xwdtps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/src/xwdtps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/src/xwdtps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/src/xwdtps_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdtps/src/xwdtps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/data/wdttb.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/data/wdttb.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/data/wdttb_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/data/wdttb_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/data/wdttb_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/examples/xwdttb_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/examples/xwdttb_gwdt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/examples/xwdttb_gwdt_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/examples/xwdttb_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/examples/xwdttb_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/examples/xwdttb_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/examples/xwdttb_winwdt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/examples/xwdttb_winwdt_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/src/xwdttb.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/src/xwdttb.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/src/xwdttb_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/src/xwdttb_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/src/xwdttb_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/src/xwdttb_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/wdttb/src/xwdttb_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/data/xadcps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/data/xadcps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/examples/xadcps_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/examples/xadcps_polled_printf_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/src/xadcps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/src/xadcps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/src/xadcps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/src/xadcps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/src/xadcps_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/src/xadcps_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xadcps/src/xadcps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/data/xdmapcie.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/data/xdmapcie.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/examples/xdmapcie_rc_enumerate_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/src/xdmapcie.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/src/xdmapcie.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/src/xdmapcie_caps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/src/xdmapcie_common.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/src/xdmapcie_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/src/xdmapcie_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/src/xdmapcie_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/data/xxvethernet.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/data/xxvethernet.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/examples/xxxvethernet_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/examples/xxxvethernet_example_intr_mcdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/examples/xxxvethernet_example_util.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/examples/xxxvethernet_usxgmii_example_intr_mcdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/src/xxxvethernet.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/src/xxxvethernet.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/src/xxxvethernet_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/src/xxxvethernet_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xxvethernet/src/xxxvethernet_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/data/ycrcb2rgb.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/data/ycrcb2rgb.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/examples/ycrcb2rgb_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/examples/ycrcb2rgb_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/src/xycrcb2rgb.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/src/xycrcb2rgb.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/src/xycrcb2rgb_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/src/xycrcb2rgb_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/src/xycrcb2rgb_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ycrcb2rgb/src/xycrcb2rgb_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/data/zdma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/data/zdma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/data/zdma_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/data/zdma_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_linear_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_linkedlist_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_readonlymode_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_simple_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_writeonlymode_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_sinit.c
lib/bsp/standalone/data/standalone.mld
lib/bsp/standalone/data/standalone.tcl
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/gcc/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/platform/ZynqMP/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/platform/versal/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/usleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xil_cache.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xil_cache.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xil_cache_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xil_mmu.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xil_mmu.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xpseudo_asm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xreg_cortexa53.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xtime_l.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xtime_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/armclang/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/armclang/xpseudo_asm_armclang.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/gcc/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/gcc/initialise_monitor_handles.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/platform/ZynqMP/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/platform/versal/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_cache.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_cache.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_errata.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_mmu.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_mmu.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_smc.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_smc.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpseudo_asm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xreg_cortexa53.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xtime_l.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xtime_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/_exit.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/_open.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/_sbrk.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/abort.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/close.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/errno.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/fcntl.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/fstat.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/getpid.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/isatty.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/kill.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/lseek.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/open.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/read.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/sbrk.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/unlink.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/write.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/xpseudo_asm_gcc.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/abort.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/clock.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/close.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/exit.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/low_level_init.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/lseek.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/open.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/read.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/remove.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/write.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/xpseudo_asm_iccarm.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/xpseudo_asm_iccarm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/vectors.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/vectors.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/xil_exception.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/xil_exception.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/xil_sleeptimer.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/xil_sleeptimer.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/armcc/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/armcc/xpseudo_asm_rvct.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/armcc/xpseudo_asm_rvct.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/gcc/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/iccarm/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/smc.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/usleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_cache.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_cache.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_cache_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_errata.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_misc_psreset_api.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_misc_psreset_api.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_mmu.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_mmu.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xl2cc.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xl2cc_counter.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xl2cc_counter.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xpm_counter.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xpm_counter.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xpseudo_asm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xreg_cortexa9.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xtime_l.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xtime_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/gcc/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/iccarm/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/platform/ZynqMP/mpu.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/platform/ZynqMP/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/platform/versal/mpu.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/platform/versal/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/usleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xil_cache.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xil_cache.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xil_mmu.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xil_mpu.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xil_mpu.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xpm_counter.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xpm_counter.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xpseudo_asm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xreg_cortexr5.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xtime_l.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xtime_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/sleep.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xbasic_types.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xenv.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xenv_standalone.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_assert.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_assert.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_cache_vxworks.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_hal.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_io.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_io.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_macroback.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_mem.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_mem.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_sleepcommon.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testcache.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testcache.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testio.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testio.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testmem.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testmem.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_types.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xplatform_info.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xplatform_info.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xstatus.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/_exit.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/mb_interface.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_exception_handler.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_exceptions_g.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_exceptions_i.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_instructions.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_interrupt_handler.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_interrupts_g.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_interrupts_i.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_sleep.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/pvr.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/pvr.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_cache.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_cache.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_exception.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_exception.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_misc_psreset_api.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_misc_psreset_api.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/_profile_clean.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/_profile_init.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/_profile_timer_hw.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/_profile_timer_hw.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/mblaze_nt_types.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/profile.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/profile_cg.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/profile_config.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/profile_hist.c
lib/sw_apps/ddr_self_refresh/data/ddr_self_refresh.mss
lib/sw_apps/ddr_self_refresh/data/ddr_self_refresh.tcl
lib/sw_apps/ddr_self_refresh/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_hello_world/data/freertos_hello_world.tcl
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/data/libmetal_echo_demo.mss
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/data/libmetal_echo_demo.tcl
lib/sw_apps/mba_fs_boot/data/mba_fs_boot.mss
lib/sw_apps/mba_fs_boot/data/mba_fs_boot.tcl
lib/sw_apps/mba_fs_boot/src/fs-boot.c
lib/sw_apps/mba_fs_boot/src/fs-boot.h
lib/sw_apps/mba_fs_boot/src/fs-xspi.c
lib/sw_apps/mba_fs_boot/src/fs-xspi.h
lib/sw_apps/mba_fs_boot/src/spi-flash.h
lib/sw_apps/mba_fs_boot/src/winbond-spi-flash.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/data/openamp_echo_test.mss
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/data/openamp_echo_test.tcl
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/data/openamp_matrix_multiply.mss
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/data/openamp_matrix_multiply.tcl
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/data/openamp_rpc_demo.mss
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/data/openamp_rpc_demo.tcl
lib/sw_apps/rsa_auth_app/src/rsa_auth_app.c
lib/sw_apps/rsa_auth_app/src/rsa_auth_app.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/data/versal_plm.mss
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/data/versal_plm.tcl
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_default.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_hooks.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_hooks.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_loader.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_loader.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_main.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_main.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_module.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_module.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_pm.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_pm.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_proc.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_proc.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_startup.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_plm/src/xplm_startup.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/data/versal_pmcfw.mss
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/data/versal_pmcfw.tcl
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_ospi.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_sbi.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_sd.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xsecure.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xsecure.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xsecure_aes.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xsecure_hw.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xsecure_rsa.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/data/versal_psmfw.mss
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/data/versal_psmfw.tcl
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/crf.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/crl.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/fpd_apu.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/ipi.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/pmc_global.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/psm_global.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/psm_local.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/rpu.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_api.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_api.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_config.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_debug.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_default.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_init.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_iomodule.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_ipi_manager.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_main.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_power.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_reset.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_util.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_util.h
lib/sw_apps/xilkernel_thread_demo/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/xilkernel_thread_demo/src/platform.c
lib/sw_apps/xilkernel_thread_demo/src/platform.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/Makefile
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/fsbl.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/fsbl_debug.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/fsbl_hooks.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/fsbl_hooks.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/image_mover.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/image_mover.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/md5.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/nand.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/nand.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/nor.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/nor.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/pcap.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/pcap.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/ps7_init.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/ps7_init.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/qspi.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/qspi.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/rsa.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/rsa.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/sd.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/sd.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_dram_test/src/xmt_common.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_dram_test/src/xmt_common.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_dram_test/src/xmt_main.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_dram_test/src/xmt_read_eye.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_dram_test/src/xmt_write_eye.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/data/zynqmp_fsbl.mss
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/data/zynqmp_fsbl.tcl
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/pm_cfg_obj.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/xipipsu_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102-es2/a53/xparameters_ps.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102-es2/bspconfig.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102-es2/r5/xparameters_ps.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102/a53/xparameters_ps.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102/bspconfig.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102/r5/xparameters_ps.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/Makefile
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_authentication.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_authentication.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_board.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_board.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_bs.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_bs.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_config.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_csu_dma.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_csu_dma.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_ddr_init.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_ddr_init.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_debug.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_dfu_util.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_dfu_util.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_error.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_handoff.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_hooks.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_hooks.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_hw.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_image_header.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_image_header.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_initialization.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_main.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_main.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_misc.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_misc.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_misc_drivers.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_misc_drivers.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_nand.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_partition_load.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_plpartition_valid.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_plpartition_valid.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_qspi.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_qspi.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_rsa_sha.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_sd.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_usb.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/src/xfsbl_usb.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/data/zynqmp_pmufw.mss
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/data/zynqmp_pmufw.tcl
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/bspconfig.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xcsudma_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xemacps_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xfpga_config.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xgpiops_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xiicps_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xipipsu_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xqspipsu_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xsdps_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xttcps_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xuartps_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xusbpsu_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/afi.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/apu.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/crf_apb.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/crl_apb.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/csu.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/csudma.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/efuse.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/gpio.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/idle_hooks.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/ipi.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/lpd_slcr.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_binding.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_binding.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_callbacks.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_callbacks.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_clock.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_clock.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_common.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_config.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_config.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_core.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_core.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_csudma.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_csudma.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_ddr.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_ddr.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_defs.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_extern.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_extern.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_gic_proxy.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_gic_proxy.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_gpp.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_gpp.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_hooks.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_hooks.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_master.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_master.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_mmio_access.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_mmio_access.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_node.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_node.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_node_idle.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_node_reset.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_node_reset.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_notifier.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_notifier.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_periph.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_periph.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_pinctrl.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_pinctrl.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_pll.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_pll.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_power.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_power.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_proc.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_proc.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_qspi.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_qspi.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_requirement.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_requirement.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_reset.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_reset.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_slave.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_slave.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_sram.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_sram.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_system.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_system.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_usb.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pm_usb.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pmu_global.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pmu_iomodule.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pmu_lmb_bram.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/pmu_local.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/rpu.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/rsa.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/rsa_core.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/rtc.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/uart0.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/uart1.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_aib.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_aib.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_config.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_core.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_core.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_crc.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_crc.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_debug.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_default.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_error_manager.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_error_manager.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_events.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_events.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_interrupts.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_interrupts.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_ipi_manager.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_ipi_manager.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_main.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_dap.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_dap.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_em.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_em.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_legacy.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_legacy.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_pm.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_pm.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_rtc.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_rtc.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_sched.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_sched.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_stl.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_stl.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_wdt.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_mod_wdt.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_module.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_module.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_platform.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_platform.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_resets.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_resets.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_restart.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_restart.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_rom_interface.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_rom_interface.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_scheduler.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_scheduler.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_user_startup.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_user_startup.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_util.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_util.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_version.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_xpu.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/src/xpfw_xpu.h
lib/sw_services/xilffs/data/xilffs.mld
lib/sw_services/xilffs/data/xilffs.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilffs/examples/xilffs_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilflash/data/xilflash.mld
lib/sw_services/xilflash/data/xilflash.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilflash/examples/xilflash_devicecontrol_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilflash/examples/xilflash_platform_flash_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilflash/examples/xilflash_protection_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilflash/examples/xilflash_readwrite_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/include/xilflash.h
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/include/xilflash_amd.h
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/include/xilflash_cfi.h
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/include/xilflash_intel.h
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/include/xilflash_properties.h
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/xilflash.c
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/xilflash_amd.c
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/xilflash_cfi.c
lib/sw_services/xilflash/src/xilflash_intel.c
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/data/xilfpga.mld
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/data/xilfpga.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/examples/xfpga_load_bitstream_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/examples/xfpga_partialbitstream_load_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/examples/xfpga_readback_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/examples/xfpga_reg_readback_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/src/interface/versal/xilfpga_cfi.c
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/src/interface/versal/xilfpga_cfi.h
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/src/interface/zynqmp/xilfpga_pcap.c
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/src/interface/zynqmp/xilfpga_pcap.h
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/src/xilfpga.c
lib/sw_services/xilfpga/src/xilfpga.h
lib/sw_services/xilisf/data/xilisf.mld
lib/sw_services/xilisf/data/xilisf.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_atmel_buffer_rdwr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_atmel_rdwr_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_atmel_read_write_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_atmel_spr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_intel_otp_rdwr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_intel_rdwr_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_intel_read_write_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_intel_spr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_ospipsv_stm_intr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_ospipsv_stm_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_qspips_stm_intr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_qspips_stm_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_qspipsu_stm_intr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_qspipsu_stm_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_spips_sst_intr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_spips_sst_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_stm_quad_flash_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_stm_rdwr_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_stm_read_write_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_stm_spr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_winbond_quad_flash_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_winbond_rdwr_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_winbond_read_write_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/examples/xilisf_winbond_spr_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilisf/src/include/xilisf.h
lib/sw_services/xilisf/src/include/xilisf_atmel.h
lib/sw_services/xilisf/src/include/xilisf_intelstm.h
lib/sw_services/xilisf/src/xilisf.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/src/xilisf_erase.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/src/xilisf_read.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/src/xilisf_spr.c
lib/sw_services/xilisf/src/xilisf_write.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/data/xillibpm.mld
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/data/xillibpm.tcl
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/client/xpm_client_api.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/client/xpm_client_api.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/client/xpm_client_common.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/client/xpm_client_common.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/client/xpm_client_ipi.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/client/xpm_client_ipi.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/common/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/common/xillibpm_defs.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/common/xillibpm_node.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xillibpm_api.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xillibpm_api.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xillibpm_psm_api.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xillibpm_psm_api.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_aie.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_aie.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_apucore.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_apucore.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_clock.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_clock.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_common.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_common.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_core.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_core.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_device.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_device.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_device_idle.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_device_idle.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_domain_iso.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_domain_iso.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_gic_proxy.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_gic_proxy.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_ipi.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_ipi.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_mem.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_mem.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_node.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_node.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_npdomain.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_npdomain.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_periph.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_periph.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pin.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pin.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pinfunc.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pinfunc.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pldomain.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pldomain.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pll.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pll.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pmcdomain.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pmcdomain.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_power.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_power.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_powerdomain.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_powerdomain.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_psfpdomain.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_psfpdomain.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pslpdomain.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_pslpdomain.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_psm.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_psm.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_regs.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_requirement.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_requirement.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_reset.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_reset.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_rpucore.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_rpucore.h
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_subsystem.c
lib/sw_services/xillibpm/src/server/xpm_subsystem.h
lib/sw_services/xilloader/data/xilloader.mld
lib/sw_services/xilloader/data/xilloader.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader.c
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader.h
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_cfi.c
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_ospi.c
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_ospi.h
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_prtn_load.c
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_qspi.c
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_qspi.h
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_sbi.c
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_sbi.h
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_sd.c
lib/sw_services/xilloader/src/xloader_sd.h
lib/sw_services/xilmailbox/data/xilmailbox.mld
lib/sw_services/xilmailbox/data/xilmailbox.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilmailbox/examples/xilmailbox_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilmailbox/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilmailbox/src/PS/xilmailbox_ipips.c
lib/sw_services/xilmailbox/src/PS/xilmailbox_ipips.h
lib/sw_services/xilmailbox/src/xilmailbox.c
lib/sw_services/xilmailbox/src/xilmailbox.h
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/data/xilmfs.mld
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/data/xilmfs.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/src/mfs_filesys.c
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/src/mfs_filesys_util.c
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/src/utils/test_mfs_filesys.c
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/src/utils/testmfs.c
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/src/utils/testmfsflashrom.c
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/src/utils/testmfsrom.c
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/src/xilmfs.h
lib/sw_services/xilpdi/data/xilpdi.mld
lib/sw_services/xilpdi/data/xilpdi.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilpdi/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/data/xilplmi.mld
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/data/xilplmi.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_cdo.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_cdo.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_cmd.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_cmd.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_config.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_debug.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_debug.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_dma.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_dma.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_err.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_generic.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_generic.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_gic_interrupts.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_gic_interrupts.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_hw.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_ipi.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_ipi.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_modules.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_modules.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_proc.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_proc.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_status.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_task.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_task.h
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_util.c
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/xplmi_util.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/data/xilpm.mld
lib/sw_services/xilpm/data/xilpm.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilpm/examples/gic_setup.c
lib/sw_services/xilpm/examples/gic_setup.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/examples/timer.c
lib/sw_services/xilpm/examples/timer.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/examples/xilpm_selfsuspend_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/apu/pm_apu.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/apu/pm_client.c
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/apu/pm_client.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/common/pm_api_sys.c
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/common/pm_api_sys.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/common/pm_callbacks.c
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/common/pm_callbacks.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/common/pm_cfg_obj.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/common/pm_clock.c
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/common/pm_clock.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/common/pm_common.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/common/pm_defs.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/rpu/pm_client.c
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/rpu/pm_client.h
lib/sw_services/xilpm/src/rpu/pm_rpu.h
lib/sw_services/xilrsa/data/xilrsa.mld
lib/sw_services/xilrsa/data/xilrsa.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilrsa/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilrsa/src/include/xilrsa.h
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/data/xilsecure.mld
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/data/xilsecure.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/examples/xilsecure_aes_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/examples/xilsecure_rsa_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/examples/xilsecure_rsa_generic_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/examples/xilsecure_sha_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/examples/xilsecure_simple_aes_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/xsecure.c
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/xsecure.h
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/xsecure_aes.c
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/xsecure_aes.h
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/xsecure_hw.h
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/xsecure_rsa.c
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/xsecure_rsa.h
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/xsecure_sha.c
lib/sw_services/xilsecure/src/xsecure_sha.h
lib/sw_services/xilsem/src/cframe/xsem_cfr_defs.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/data/xilskey.mld
lib/sw_services/xilskey/data/xilskey.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_bbram_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_bbram_ultrascale_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_bbram_ultrascale_input.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_bbramps_zynqmp_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_efuse_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_efuseps_zynqmp_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_efuseps_zynqmp_input.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_input.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_puf_registration.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_puf_registration.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/include/xilskey_bbram.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/include/xilskey_epl.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/include/xilskey_eps.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/include/xilskey_eps_zynqmp.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/include/xilskey_eps_zynqmp_puf.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/include/xilskey_utils.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_bbram.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_bbramps_zynqmp.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_bbramps_zynqmp_hw.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_epl.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_eps.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_eps_zynqmp.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_eps_zynqmp_hw.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_eps_zynqmp_puf.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_epshw.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_js.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_jscmd.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_jscmd.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_jslib.c
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_jslib.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_jtag.h
lib/sw_services/xilskey/src/xilskey_utils.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2015 - 2017, Xilinx Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file io.h @brief I/O access primitives
for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/io.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, ST Microelectronics. All rights reserved. SPDX-License-
Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file iar/compiler.h @brief IAR specific primitives
for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/compiler/iar/compiler.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2017, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file cpu.h @brief CPU specific primitives /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/processor/ceva/cpu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file cpu.h @brief CPU specific primitives /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/processor/csky/cpu.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/processor/riscv/cpu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2016 - 2017, Xilinx Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/irq.c @brief FreeRTOS
libmetal irq definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/irq.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/cache.h @brief FreeRTOS cache
operation primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Linaro nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file freertos/log.h @brief
FreeRTOS libmetal log handler definition. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/log.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/sleep.h @brief FreeRTOS sleep
primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/sleep.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/template/sys.c @brief machine
specific system primitives implementation. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/template/sys.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/template/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/template/sys.h @brief freertos
template system primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/template/sys.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/zynq7/sys.c @brief machine
specific system primitives implementation. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/zynq7/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2016 - 2017, Xilinx Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/xlnx_common/irq.c @brief
generic libmetal Xilinx irq controller definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/xlnx_common/irq.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/xlnx_common/irq.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2016 - 2017, Xilinx Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/irq.c @brief generic
libmetal irq definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/irq.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/cache.h @brief generic cache
operation primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Linaro nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file generic/log.h @brief Generic
libmetal log handler definition. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/log.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/sleep.h @brief Generic sleep
primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/sleep.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/template/sys.h @brief generic
template system primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/template/sys.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/zynq7/sys.c @brief machine
specific system primitives implementation. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/zynq7/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file linux/cache.h @brief Linux cache
operation primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/linux/cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Linaro nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file linux/log.h @brief Linux
libmetal log handler definition. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/linux/log.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file linux/sleep.h @brief linux sleep
primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/linux/sleep.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0 WITH Linux-syscall-note /
drivers/staging/android/uapi/ion.h Copyright (C) 2011 Google, Inc. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/linux/ion.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0 / The header for UIO driver Author: Hyun Woo
Kwon <hyun.kwon@xilinx.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/linux/uio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/alloc.h @brief nuttx libmetal
memory allocattion definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/alloc.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file assert.h @brief NuttX assertion
support. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/assert.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/cache.h @brief NuttX cache
operation primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/condition.c @brief NuttX libmetal
condition variable handling. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/condition.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/condition.h @brief NuttX
condition variable primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/condition.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/device.c @brief NuttX libmetal
device definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/device.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/init.c @brief NuttX libmetal
initialization. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/init.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/io.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/io.h @brief NuttX specific io
definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/io.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/irq.c @brief NuttX libmetal irq
definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/irq.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/irq.h @brief NuttX libmetal irq
definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/irq.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/log.h @brief NuttX libmetal log
handler definition. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/log.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/mutex.h @brief NuttX mutex
primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/mutex.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/sleep.h @brief NuttX sleep
primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/sleep.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/sys.h @brief NuttX system
primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/sys.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Pinecone Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file nuttx/time.c @brief NuttX libmetal time
handling. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/nuttx/time.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / Template file used to ensure that
each <metal/...> header can be included without independently without prior
inclusion of dependencies. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/metal-header-template.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/metal-test.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/alloc.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/atomic.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/mutex.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/sleep.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/threads.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/alloc.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/atomic.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/mutex.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/alloc.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/atomic.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/condition.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/mutex.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/spinlock.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/threads.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/zynq/device.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/alloc.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/atomic.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/mutex.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/version.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/freertos/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/libmetal_amp_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/freertos/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/shmem_atomic_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/freertos/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/shmem_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/freertos/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/sys_init.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/freertos/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/sys_init.h
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/libmetal_amp_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/shmem_atomic_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/shmem_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/sys_init.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/sys_init.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file metal-test.h @brief Top level
include internal to libmetal tests. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/metal-test.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor
the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/microblaze_generic/helper.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/microblaze_generic/platform.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/microblaze_generic/platform.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/zynq7/helper.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/zynqmp_a53/helper.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/helper.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2017, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Linaro nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file system/zephyr/metal-test-internal.h @brief Zephyr
include internal to libmetal tests. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/metal-test-internal.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

sys_arch.c provide sys_arch functionality as required for lwIP most of this
functionality is obtained from xilkernel this file acts as a wrapper around the
xilkernel functions / All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE XILINX CONSORTIUM
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in
this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall not be used in advertising or
otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without
prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/sys_arch.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE XILINX CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of
the Xilinx shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from
Xilinx

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xadapter.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xaxiemacif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xemacliteif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xemacpsif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xlltemacif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xpqueue.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xtopology.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xadapter.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_dma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_fifo.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_hw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_hw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_dma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_hw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_hw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_physpeed.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xpqueue.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/sys_arch_raw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_debug.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/inc/LMK04906.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/inc/PLL_Conf.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/inc/xclk_wiz.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/inc/xedid_print_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/LMK04906.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/PLL_Conf.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/dppt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/dppt_vdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/dppt_vdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/dppt_vid_phy_config.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/dppt_vid_phy_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/xclk_wiz.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/xedid_print_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kc/xvid_pat_gen.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/LMK04906.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/PLL_Conf.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/dppt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/dppt_vdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/dppt_vdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/dppt_vid_phy_config.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/dppt_vid_phy_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/xclk_wiz.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/xedid_print_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/kcu/xvid_pat_gen.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/aes256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/aes256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/eeprom.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keygen_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_device.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_device.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_keyfile.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_keyfile.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_loader.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_loader.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_testkeys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/keys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/zcu_rx/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_debug.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/com/xhdcp1x_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/inc/LMK04906.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/inc/PLL_Conf.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/inc/xclk_wiz.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/inc/xedid_print_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/LMK04906.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/PLL_Conf.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/dppt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/dppt_vdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/dppt_vdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/dppt_vid_phy_config.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/dppt_vid_phy_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/xclk_wiz.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/xedid_print_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kc/xvid_pat_gen.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/LMK04906.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/PLL_Conf.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/dppt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/dppt_vdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/dppt_vdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/dppt_vid_phy_config.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/dppt_vid_phy_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/xclk_wiz.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/xdebug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/xedid_print_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/kcu/xvid_pat_gen.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/aes256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/aes256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/eeprom.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keygen_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_debug.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_device.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_device.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_keyfile.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_keyfile.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_loader.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_loader.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keymgmt_testkeys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/keys.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/zcu_tx/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/zcu_tx/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/zcu_tx/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt_vdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt_vid_phy_config.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xclk_wiz.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xedid_print_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xvid_pat_gen.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xvidframe_crc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/xvidframe_crc.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt_vdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/dppt_vid_phy_config.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xclk_wiz.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/kcu_dp14/xedid_print_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/zcu_pt_dp14_hdcp/menus.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_wr/src/xv_frmbufwr_l2_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_multi_scaler/src/xv_multi_scaler_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_rx_example/platform.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_rx_example/platform.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_rx_example/platform_config.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_rx_example/si5324drv.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_rx_example/si5324drv.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_rx_example/xsdi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_rx_example/xsdi_menu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_sdirxss/examples/xuhdsdi_rx_example/xsdi_menu.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_init.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_main.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc702/ps7_init.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc706/ps7_init.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zed/ps7_init.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102-es2/psu_init.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102-es2/psu_init.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102/psu_init.c
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102/psu_init.h
mcap/linux/mcap.c
mcap/linux/mcap_lib.c
mcap/linux/mcap_lib.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/lwipopts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/lwipopts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/lwipopts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> / All rights reserved. Xilinx, Inc. XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS
DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS IS" AS A COURTESY TO YOU. BY PROVIDING THIS
DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS ONE POSSIBLE IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS FEATURE,
APPLICATION OR STANDARD, XILINX IS MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT THIS
IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION. XILINX
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE ADEQUACY OF THE
IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/cc.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/cpu.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/perf.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/sys_arch.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> / All rights reserved. Xilinx, Inc. XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS
DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS IS" AS A COURTESY TO YOU. BY PROVIDING THIS
DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS ONE POSSIBLE IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS FEATURE,
APPLICATION OR STANDARD, XILINX IS MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT THIS
IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION. XILINX
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE ADEQUACY OF THE
IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacliteif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2007-2008, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of
source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and
the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither
the name of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. nor the names of its contributors may
be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. / Some portions copyright (c) 2010-2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights
reserved. Xilinx, Inc. XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS
IS" AS A COURTESY TO YOU. BY PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS ONE
POSSIBLE IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS FEATURE, APPLICATION OR STANDARD, XILINX IS
MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF
INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE
FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION. XILINX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH
RESPECT TO THE ADEQUACY OF THE IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM CLAIMS OF
INFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_physpeed.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sequential API External module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / This is the part of the API that is
linked with the application /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/api/api_lib.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sequential API Internal module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/api/api_msg.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/api_msg.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/api/api_msg.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Error Management module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/api/err.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/err.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/api/err.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network buffer management / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/api/netbuf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file API functions for name resolving / Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/api/netdb.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Interface Sequential API module / Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/api/netifapi.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sockets BSD-Like API module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Improved by Marc Boucher
<marc@mbsi.ca> and David Haas <dhaas@alum.rpi.edu> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/api/sockets.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/api/sockets.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sequential API Main thread module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/api/tcpip.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/tcpip.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/api/tcpip.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Common functions used throughout the stack. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/def.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol client / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon
Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is a
contribution to the lwIP TCP/IP stack. The Swedish Institute of Computer Science
and Adam Dunkels are specifically granted permission to redistribute this source
code. Author: Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> This is a DHCP client
for the lwIP TCP/IP stack. It aims to conform with RFC 2131 and RFC 2132. TODO:
- Support for interfaces other than Ethernet (SLIP, PPP, ...) Please coordinate
changes and requests with Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net>
Integration with your code: In lwip/dhcp.h define DHCP_COARSE_TIMER_SECS
(recommended 60 which is a minute) define DHCP_FINE_TIMER_MSECS (recommended 500
which equals TCP coarse timer) Then have your application call dhcp_coarse_tmr()
and dhcp_fine_tmr() on the defined intervals. dhcp_start(struct netif netif);
starts a DHCP client instance which configures the interface by obtaining an IP
address lease and maintaining it. Use dhcp_release(netif) to end the lease and
use dhcp_stop(netif) to remove the DHCP client. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/dhcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DNS - host name to IP address resolver. / This file implements a DNS host
name to IP address resolver. Port to lwIP from uIP by Jim Pettinato April 2007
uIP version Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
DNS.C The lwIP DNS resolver functions are used to lookup a host name and map it
to a numerical IP address. It maintains a list of resolved hostnames that can be
queried with the dns_lookup() function. New hostnames can be resolved using the
dns_query() function. The lwIP version of the resolver also adds a non-blocking
version of gethostbyname() that will work with a raw API application. This
function checks for an IP address string first and converts it if it is valid.
gethostbyname() then does a dns_lookup() to see if the name is already in the
table. If so, the IP is returned. If not, a query is issued and the function
returns with a ERR_INPROGRESS status. The app using the dns client must then go
into a waiting state. Once a hostname has been resolved (or found to be non-
existent), the resolver code calls a specified callback function (which must be
implemented by the module that uses the resolver). / RFC 1035 - Domain names -
implementation and specification RFC 2181 - Clarifications to the DNS
Specification
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
@todo: define good default values (rfc compliance) / @todo: improve answer
parsing, more checkings... / @todo: check RFC1035 - 7.3. Processing responses /
Includes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/dns.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Modules initialization / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/init.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/init.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/init.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [EPL-1.0] [Google] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic memory manager This is a lightweight replacement for the standard
C library malloc(). If you want to use the standard C library malloc() instead,
define MEM_LIBC_MALLOC to 1 in your lwipopts.h To let mem_malloc() use pools
(prevents fragmentation and is much faster than a heap but might waste some
memory), define MEM_USE_POOLS to 1, define MEM_USE_CUSTOM_POOLS to 1 and create
a file "lwippools.h" that includes a list of pools like this (more pools can be
added between _START and _END): Define three pools with sizes 256, 512, and 1512
bytes LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL_START LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL(20, 256)
LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL(10, 512) LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL(5, 1512)
LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL_END / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/mem.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic pool memory manager lwIP has dedicated pools for many structures
(netconn, protocol control blocks, packet buffers, ...). All these pools are
managed here. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/memp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP network interface abstraction / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/netif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Packet buffer management Packets are built from the pbuf data structure.
It supports dynamic memory allocation for packet contents or can reference
externally managed packet contents both in RAM and ROM. Quick allocation for
incoming packets is provided through pools with fixed sized pbufs. A packet may
span over multiple pbufs, chained as a singly linked list. This is called a
"pbuf chain". Multiple packets may be queued, also using this singly linked
list. This is called a "packet queue". So, a packet queue consists of one or
more pbuf chains, each of which consist of one or more pbufs. CURRENTLY, PACKET
QUEUES ARE NOT SUPPORTED!!! Use helper structs to queue multiple packets. The
differences between a pbuf chain and a packet queue are very precise but subtle.
The last pbuf of a packet has a ->tot_len field that equals the ->len field. It
can be found by traversing the list. If the last pbuf of a packet has a ->next
field other than NULL, more packets are on the queue. Therefore, looping through
a pbuf of a single packet, has an loop end condition (tot_len p->len), NOT (next
NULL). / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/pbuf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Implementation of raw protocol PCBs for low-level handling of different
types of protocols besides (or overriding) those already available in lwIP. /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/raw.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Statistics module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/stats.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/stats.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/stats.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP Operating System abstraction / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Transmission Control Protocol for IP This file contains common functions
for the TCP implementation, such as functinos for manipulating the data
structures and the TCP timer functions. TCP functions related to input and
output is found in tcp_in.c and tcp_out.c respectively. / Copyright (c)
2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/tcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Transmission Control Protocol, incoming traffic The input processing
functions of the TCP layer. These functions are generally called in the order
(ip_input() ->) tcp_input() -> tcp_process() -> tcp_receive() (-> application).
/ Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/tcp_in.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/tcp_in.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/tcp_in.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Transmission Control Protocol, outgoing traffic The output functions of
TCP. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/tcp_out.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/tcp_out.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Stack-internal timers implementation. This file includes timer callbacks
for stack-internal timers as well as functions to set up or stop timers and
check for expired timers. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/timers.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/timeouts.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/timeouts.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file User Datagram Protocol module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / udp.c The code for the User
Datagram Protocol UDP & UDPLite (RFC 3828). / @todo Check the use of '(struct
udp_pcb).chksum_len_rx'! /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/udp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file AutoIP Automatic LinkLocal IP Configuration / Copyright (c) 2007 Dominik
Spies <kontakt@dspies.de> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> This is a AutoIP implementation for the lwIP TCP/IP stack.
It aims to conform with RFC 3927. Please coordinate changes and requests with
Dominik Spies <kontakt@dspies.de> / USAGE: define LWIP_AUTOIP 1 in your
lwipopts.h If you don't use tcpip.c (so, don't call, you don't call tcpip_init):
- First, call autoip_init(). - call autoip_tmr() all AUTOIP_TMR_INTERVAL msces,
that should be defined in autoip.h. I recommend a value of 100. The value must
divide 1000 with a remainder almost 0. Possible values are 1000, 500, 333, 250,
200, 166, 142, 125, 111, 100 .... Without DHCP: - Call autoip_start() after
netif_add(). With DHCP: - define LWIP_DHCP_AUTOIP_COOP 1 in your lwipopts.h. -
Configure your DHCP Client. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv4/autoip.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ICMP - Internet Control Message Protocol / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / Some ICMP
messages should be passed to the transport protocols. This is not implemented. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv4/icmp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/icmp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv4/icmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IGMP - Internet Group Management Protocol / Copyright (c) 2002 CITEL
Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of CITEL
Technologies Ltd nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CITEL TECHNOLOGIES AND CONTRIBUTORS
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CITEL TECHNOLOGIES OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is a
contribution to the lwIP TCP/IP stack. The Swedish Institute of Computer Science
and Adam Dunkels are specifically granted permission to redistribute this source
code. Note 1) Although the rfc requires V1 AND V2 capability we will only
support v2 since now V1 is very old (August 1989) V1 can be added if required a
debug print and statistic have been implemented to show this up. Note 2) A query
for a specific group address (as opposed to ALLHOSTS) has now been implemented
as I am unsure if it is required a debug print and statistic have been
implemented to show this up. Note 3) The router alert rfc 2113 is implemented in
outgoing packets but not checked rigorously incoming Steve Reynolds RFC 988 -
Host extensions for IP multicasting - V0 RFC 1054 - Host extensions for IP
multicasting RFC 1112 - Host extensions for IP multicasting - V1 RFC 2236 -
Internet Group Management Protocol, Version 2 - V2 <- this code is based on this
RFC (it's the "de facto" standard) RFC 3376 - Internet Group Management
Protocol, Version 3 - V3 RFC 4604 - Using Internet Group Management Protocol
Version 3... - V3+ RFC 2113 - IP Router Alert Option
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Includes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv4/igmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Functions common to all TCP/IPv4 modules, such as the byte order
functions. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv4/inet.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Incluse internet checksum functions. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv4/inet_chksum.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This is the IPv4 layer implementation for incoming and outgoing IP
traffic. @see ip_frag.c / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv4/ip.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/ip4.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv4/ip4.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This is the IPv4 address tools implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv4/ip_addr.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/ip4_addr.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv4/ip4_addr.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This is the IPv4 packet segmentation and reassembly implementation. /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Jani Monoses
<jani@iv.ro> Simon Goldschmidt original reassembly code by Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv4/ip_frag.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/ip4_frag.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv4/ip4_frag.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> / Some ICMP messages should be passed to the transport protocols.
This is not implemented. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv6/icmp6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Functions common to all TCP/IPv6 modules, such as the Internet checksum
and the byte order functions. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv6/inet6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> / ip.c This is the code for the IP layer for IPv6. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv6/ip6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/ipv6/ip6_addr.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv4/lwip/icmp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv4/lwip/inet.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv4/lwip/inet_chksum.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv4/lwip/ip.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv4/lwip/ip_addr.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv6/lwip/icmp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv6/lwip/inet.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv6/lwip/ip.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv6/lwip/ip_addr.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/api.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/api_msg.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/arch.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/debug.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/def.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/err.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/init.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/mem.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/memp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/netbuf.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/netif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/pbuf.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/raw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/sockets.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/stats.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/sys.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/tcp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/tcp_impl.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/tcpip.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/udp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Abstract Syntax Notation One (ISO 8824, 8825) decoding @todo not optimised
(yet), favor correctness over speed, favor speed over size / Copyright (c) 2006
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/snmp/asn1_dec.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Abstract Syntax Notation One (ISO 8824, 8825) encoding @todo not optimised
(yet), favor correctness over speed, favor speed over size / Copyright (c) 2006
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/snmp/asn1_enc.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) objects and functions. @note the
object identifiers for this MIB-2 and private MIB tree must be kept in sorted
ascending order. This to ensure correct getnext operation. / Copyright (c) 2006
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/snmp/mib2.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MIB tree access/construction functions. / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/snmp/mib_structs.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP input message processing (RFC1157). / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/snmp/msg_in.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP output message processing (RFC1157). Output responses and traps are
build in two passes: Pass 0: iterate over the output message backwards to
determine encoding lengths Pass 1: the actual forward encoding of internal form
into ASN1 The single-pass encoding method described by Comer & Stevens requires
extra buffer space and copying for reversal of the packet. The buffer
requirement can be prohibitively large for big payloads (> 484) therefore we use
the two encoding passes. / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The
Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/core/snmp/msg_out.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file AutoIP Automatic LinkLocal IP Configuration / Copyright (c) 2007 Dominik
Spies <kontakt@dspies.de> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> This is a AutoIP implementation for the lwIP TCP/IP stack.
It aims to conform with RFC 3927. Please coordinate changes and requests with
Dominik Spies <kontakt@dspies.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv4/lwip/autoip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2002 CITEL Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither
the name of CITEL Technologies Ltd nor the names of its contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CITEL TECHNOLOGIES AND
CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CITEL TECHNOLOGIES OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is a contribution to the lwIP TCP/IP stack. The
Swedish Institute of Computer Science and Adam Dunkels are specifically granted
permission to redistribute this source code.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv4/lwip/igmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Jani Monoses
<jani@iv.ro> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/ipv4/lwip/ip_frag.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

lwip DNS resolver header file. Author: Jim Pettinato April 2007 ported from uIP
resolv.c Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/dns.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/netdb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/netifapi.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ppp_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppapi.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/ppp_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/pppapi.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP Options Configuration / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/opt.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. / This is the
interface to the platform specific serial IO module It needs to be implemented
by those platforms which need SLIP or PPP /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/sio.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/sio.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/sio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright
(c) 2001, 2002 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Leon Woestenberg
<leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/snmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Abstract Syntax Notation One (ISO 8824, 8825) codec. / Copyright (c) 2006
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/snmp_asn1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP Agent message handling structures. / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/snmp_msg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Generic MIB tree structures. @todo namespace prefixes / Copyright (c) 2006
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/snmp_structs.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/lwip/timers.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. Copyright (c)
2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright (c) 2003-2004
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/netif/etharp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ppp_oe.h - PPP Over Ethernet implementation for lwIP. Copyright (c) 2006 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. The authors hereby grant permission
to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this software and its
documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are
retained in all copies and that this notice and the following disclaimer are
included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 06-01-01 Marc Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to
lwIP. based on NetBSD: if_pppoe.c,v 1.64 2006/01/31 23:50:15 martin Exp /
Copyright (c) 2002 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved. This code is
derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation by Martin Husemann
<martin@NetBSD.org>. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features
or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: This product
includes software developed by the NetBSD Foundation, Inc. and its contributors.
4. Neither the name of The NetBSD Foundation nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD
FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/netif/ppp_oe.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001, Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of the Institute nor the names of its contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/include/netif/slipif.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Address Resolution Protocol module for IP over Ethernet Functionally, ARP
is divided into two parts. The first maps an IP address to a physical address
when sending a packet, and the second part answers requests from other machines
for our physical address. This implementation complies with RFC 826 (Ethernet
ARP). It supports Gratuitious ARP from RFC3220 (IP Mobility Support for IPv4)
section 4.6 if an interface calls etharp_gratuitous(our_netif) upon address
change. / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright
(c) 2003-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/netif/etharp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/etharp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv4/etharp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [EPL-1.0] [Google] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet Interface Skeleton / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / This file is a skeleton for
developing Ethernet network interface drivers for lwIP. Add code to the
low_level functions and do a search-and-replace for the word "ethernetif" to
replace it with something that better describes your network interface. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip141/src/lwip-1.4.1/src/netif/ethernetif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ethernetif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_igmp_app.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_igmp_app.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_igmp_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_client.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_platform_fs.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_server.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpclient_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpclient_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpserver_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpserver_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_web_utils.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_webserver.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_webserver.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_ws_http_response.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_ws_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_ws_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_igmp_app.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_igmp_app.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_igmp_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_iic_phyreset.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform_config.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftp_client.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftp_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftp_platform_fs.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftp_server.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftpclient_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftpclient_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftpserver_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftpserver_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_web_utils.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_webserver.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_ws_http_response.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_ws_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_ws_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_ws_platform_fs.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_igmp_app.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_igmp_app.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_igmp_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_client.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_platform_fs.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_server.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpclient_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpclient_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpserver_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpserver_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_web_utils.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_webserver.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_webserver.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_ws_http_response.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_ws_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/freertos_lwip_example_ws_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_igmp_app.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_igmp_app.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_igmp_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_iic_phyreset.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_platform.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_platform.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_platform_config.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_tftp_client.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_tftp_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_tftp_platform_fs.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_tftp_server.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_tftpclient_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_tftpclient_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_tftpserver_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_tftpserver_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_web_utils.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_webserver.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_ws_http_response.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_ws_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_ws_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_ws_platform_fs.h
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_echo_server/src/echo.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_echo_server/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_echo_server/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/freertos_tcp_perf_client.h
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/freertos_tcp_perf_server.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/freertos_tcp_perf_server.h
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_udp_perf_client/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_udp_perf_client/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_udp_perf_client/src/udp_perf_client.h
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_udp_perf_server/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_udp_perf_server/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_udp_perf_server/src/udp_perf_server.h
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/echo.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/platform.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/platform.h
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/platform.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/platform.h
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/tcp_perf_client.h
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/platform.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/platform.h
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/tcp_perf_server.h
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/platform.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/platform.h
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/udp_perf_client.h
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/iic_phyreset.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/main.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/platform.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/platform.h
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/udp_perf_server.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file i2c_lib.c This file contains
library functions to initialize, control and access IIC devices. <pre>
MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- -------- 1.0 srt 10/19/13
Initial Version </pre> / Include Files /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_i2c_access.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_i2c_access.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/i2c_access.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/i2c_access.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/i2c_access.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/i2c_access.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/i2c_access.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / platform_mb.c MicroBlaze platform
specific functions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform_mb.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_platform_mb.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/platform_mb.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/platform_mb.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/platform_mb.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/platform_mb.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/platform_mb.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / platform_zynq.c Zynq platform
specific functions. 02/29/2012: UART initialization is removed. Timer
initializations are removed. All unnecessary include files and hash defines are
removed. 03/01/2013: Timer initialization is added back. Support for SI 692601
is added in the timer callback. The SI 692601 refers to the following issue. The
EmacPs has a HW bug on the Rx path for heavy Rx traffic. Under heavy Rx traffic
because of the HW bug there are times when the Rx path becomes unresponsive. The
workaround for it is to check for the Rx path for traffic (by reading the stats
registers regularly). If the stats register does not increment for sometime
(proving no Rx traffic), the function resets the Rx data path. </pre> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform_zynq.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_platform_zynq.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/platform_zynq.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/platform_zynq.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/platform_zynq.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/platform_zynq.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/platform_zynq.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / platform_zynqmp.c ZynqMP platform
specific functions. </pre> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform_zynqmp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_platform_zynqmp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/platform_zynqmp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/platform_zynqmp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/platform_zynqmp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/platform_zynqmp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/platform_zynqmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file sfp.c This file programs sfp
phy chip. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- --------
1.0 srt 10/19/13 Initial Version </pre> Include Files /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_sfp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_sfp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/sfp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/sfp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/sfp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/sfp.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/sfp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file si5324.c This file programs
si5324 chip which generates clock for the peripherals. Please refer to Si5324
Datasheet for more information
http://www.silabs.com/Support%20Documents/TechnicalDocs/Si5324.pdf Tested on
Zynq ZC706 platform <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ----
-------- 1.0 srt 10/19/13 Initial Version </pre> Include Files /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_si5324.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_si5324.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/si5324.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/si5324.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/si5324.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/si5324.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/si5324.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / webserver.c: An example Webserver
application using the RAW API This program serves web pages resident on FAT File
System using lwIP's RAW API. Use of RAW API implies that the webserver is
blazingly fast, but the design is not obvious since a lot of the work happens in
asynchronous callback functions. The webserver works as follows: - on every
accepted connection, only 1 read is performed to identify the file requested.
Further reads are avoided by sending a "Connection: close" in the HTTP response
header - the read determines what file needs to be set (by parsing "GET /
HTTP/1.1" request - once the file to be sent is determined, tcp_write is called
in chunks of size tcp_sndbuf() until the whole file is sent /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_webserver.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/examples/lwip_example_webserver.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

sys_arch.c provide sys_arch functionality as required for lwIP most of this
functionality is obtained from xilkernel this file acts as a wrapper around the
xilkernel functions / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/sys_arch.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/sys_arch.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/xlwipconfig.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/sys_arch_raw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/xlwipconfig.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/sys_arch_raw.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/cc.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/cpu.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/perf.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/sys_arch.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/httpd/fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/httpd/fsdata.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/fs.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/cc.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/cpu.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/perf.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/sys_arch.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/http/fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/http/fsdata.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/fs.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xadapter.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xaxiemacif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xemacliteif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xemacpsif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xlltemacif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xpqueue.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xtopology.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xadapter.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_dma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_fifo.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_fifo.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_hw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_hw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_mcdma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_physpeed.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemac_ieee_reg.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacliteif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_dma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_hw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_hw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xpqueue.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xadapter.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xaxiemacif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xemacliteif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xemacpsif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xlltemacif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xpqueue.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xtopology.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xadapter.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_dma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_fifo.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_fifo.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_hw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_hw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_mcdma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_physpeed.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemac_ieee_reg.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacliteif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_dma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_hw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_hw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xpqueue.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. / This file xemacpsif_physpeed.c implements functionalities to: - Detect
the available PHYs connected to a MAC - Negotiate speed - Configure speed -
Configure the SLCR registers for the negotiated speed In a typical use case,
users of the APIs implemented in this file need to do the following. - Call the
API detect_phy. It probes for the available PHYs connected to a MAC. The MACs
can be Emac0 (XPAR_XEMACPS_0_BASEADDR, 0xE000B000) or Emac1
(XPAR_XEMACPS_0_BASEADDR, 0xE000C000). It populates an array to notify about the
detected PHYs. The array phymapemac0 is used for Emac0 and phymapemac1 is for
Emac1. - The users need to parse the corresponding arrays, phymapemac0 or
phymapemac1 to know the available PHYs for a MAC. The users then need to call
phy_setup_emacps to setup the PHYs for proper speed setting. The API
phy_setup_emacps should be called with the PHY address for which the speed needs
to be negotiated or configured. In a specific use case, if 2 PHYs are connected
to Emac0 with addresses of 7 and 11, then users get these address details from
phymapemac0 (after calling detect_phy) and then call phy_setup_emacps twice,
with ab address of 7 and 11. - Points to note: The MAC can operate at only one
speed. If a MAC is connected to multiple PHYs, then all PHYs must negotiate and
configured for the same speed. - This file implements static functions to set
proper SLCR clocks. As stated above, all PHYs connected to a PHY must operate at
same speed and the SLCR clock will be setup accordingly. This file implements
the following PHY types. - The standard RGMII. - It provides support for GMII to
RGMII converter Xilinx IP. This Xilinx IP sits on the MDIO bus with a predefined
PHY address. This IP exposes register that needs to be programmed with the
negotiated speed. For example, in a typical design, the Emac0 or Emac1 exposes
GMII interface. The user can then use the Xilinx IP that converts GMII to RGMII.
The external PHY (most typically Marvell 88E1116R) negotiates for speed with the
remote PHY. The implementation in this file then programs the Xilinx IP with
this negotiated speed. The Xilinx IP has a predefined IP address exposed through
xparameters.h - The SGMII and 1000 BaseX PHY interfaces. If the PHY interface is
SGMII or 1000 BaseX a separate "get_IEEE_phy_speed" is used which is different
from standard RGMII "get_IEEE_phy_speed". The 1000 BaseX always operates at 1000
Mbps. The SGMII interface can negotiate speed accordingly. For SGMII or 1000
BaseX interfaces, the detect_phy should not be called. The phy addresses for
these interfaces are fixed at the design time. Point to note: A MAC can not be
connected to PHYs where there is a mix between SGMII or 1000 Basex or
GMII/MII/RGMII. In a typical multiple PHY designs, it is expected that the PHYs
connected will be RGMII or GMII. The users can choose not to negotiate speed
from lwip settings GUI. If they opt to choose a particular PHY speed, then the
PHY will hard code the speed to operate only at the corresponding speed. It will
not advertise any other speeds. It is users responsibility to ensure that the
remote PHY supports the speed programmed through the lwip gui. The following
combination of MDIO/PHY are supported: - Multiple PHYs connected to the MDIO bus
of a MAC. If Emac0 MDIO is connected to single/multiple PHYs, it is supported.
Similarly Emac1 MDIO connected to single/multiple PHYs is supported. - A design
where both the interfaces are present and are connected to their own MDIO bus is
supported. The following MDIO/PHY setup is not supported: - A design has both
the MACs present. MDIO bus is available only for one MAC (Emac0 or Emac1). This
MDIO bus has multiple PHYs available for both the MACs. The negotiated speed for
PHYs sitting on the MDIO bus of one MAC will not be see for the other MAC and
hence the speed/SLCR settings of the other MAC cannot be programmed. Hence this
kind of design will not work for this implementation.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_physpeed.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_physpeed.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> COREFILES, CORE4FILES: The minimum set of files needed for lwIP.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/Filelists.mk
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/Filelists.mk
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sequential API External module @defgroup netconn Netconn API @ingroup
sequential_api Thread-safe, to be called from non-TCPIP threads only. TX/RX
handling based on @ref netbuf (containing @ref pbuf) to avoid copying data
around. @defgroup netconn_common Common functions @ingroup netconn For use with
TCP and UDP @defgroup netconn_tcp TCP only @ingroup netconn TCP only functions
@defgroup netconn_udp UDP only @ingroup netconn UDP only functions / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/ This is the part of the API that is linked with the application /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/api_lib.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/api/api_lib.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network buffer management @defgroup netbuf Network buffers @ingroup
netconn Network buffer descriptor for @ref netconn. Based on @ref pbuf
internally to avoid copying data around.\n Buffers must not be shared accross
multiple threads, all functions except netbuf_new() and netbuf_delete() are not
thread-safe. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/netbuf.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/api/netbuf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file API functions for name resolving @defgroup netdbapi NETDB API @ingroup
socket / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon
Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/netdb.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/api/netdb.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Interface Sequential API module @defgroup netifapi NETIF API
@ingroup sequential_api Thread-safe functions to be called from non-TCPIP
threads @defgroup netifapi_netif NETIF related @ingroup netifapi To be called
from non-TCPIP threads / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with
or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions
in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/netifapi.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/api/netifapi.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sockets BSD-Like API module @defgroup socket Socket API @ingroup
sequential_api BSD-style socket API.\n Thread-safe, to be called from non-TCPIP
threads only.\n Can be activated by defining @ref LWIP_SOCKET to 1.\n Header is
in posix/sys/socket.h\b / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Improved by Marc Boucher
<marc@mbsi.ca> and David Haas <dhaas@alum.rpi.edu> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/sockets.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [EPL-1.0] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file LWIP HTTP server implementation / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt
/ @defgroup httpd HTTP server @ingroup apps This httpd supports for a
rudimentary server-side-include facility which will replace tags of the form <!
--tag in any file whose extension is .shtml, .shtm or .ssi with strings provided
by an include handler whose pointer is provided to the module via function
http_set_ssi_handler(). Additionally, a simple common gateway interface (CGI)
handling mechanism has been added to allow clients to hook functions to
particular request URIs. To enable SSI support, define label LWIP_HTTPD_SSI in
lwipopts.h. To enable CGI support, define label LWIP_HTTPD_CGI in lwipopts.h. By
default, the server assumes that HTTP headers are already present in each file
stored in the file system. By defining LWIP_HTTPD_DYNAMIC_HEADERS in lwipopts.h,
this behavior can be changed such that the server inserts the headers
automatically based on the extension of the file being served. If this mode is
used, be careful to ensure that the file system image used does not already
contain the header information. File system images without headers can be
created using the makefsfile tool with the -h command line option. Notes about
valid SSI tags The following assumptions are made about tags used in SSI
markers: 1. No tag may contain '-' or whitespace characters within the tag name.
2. Whitespace is allowed between the tag leadin "<!--" and the start of the tag
name and between the tag name and the leadout string "". 3. The maximum tag name
length is LWIP_HTTPD_MAX_TAG_NAME_LEN, currently 8 characters. Notes on CGI
usage The simple CGI support offered here works with GET method requests only
and can handle up to 16 parameters encoded into the URI. The handler function
may not write directly to the HTTP output but must return a filename that the
HTTP server will send to the browser as a response to the incoming CGI request.
The list of supported file types is quite short, so if makefsdata complains
about an unknown extension, make sure to add it (and its doctype) to the
'g_psHTTPHeaders' list. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/httpd/httpd.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/http/httpd.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP iPerf server implementation / @defgroup iperf Iperf server @ingroup
apps This is a simple performance measuring server to check your bandwith using
iPerf2 on a PC as client. It is currently a minimal implementation providing an
IPv4 TCP server only. @todo: implement UDP mode and IPv6 / Copyright (c) 2014
Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/lwiperf/lwiperf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [EPL-1.0] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MDNS responder implementation @defgroup mdns MDNS @ingroup apps RFC 6762 -
Multicast DNS\n RFC 6763 - DNS-Based Service Discovery\n @verbinclude mdns.txt
Things left to implement: - Probing/conflict resolution - Sending goodbye
messages (zero ttl) - shutdown, DHCP lease about to expire, DHCP turned off... -
Checking that source address of unicast requests are on the same network -
Limiting multicast responses to 1 per second per resource record - Fragmenting
replies if required - Subscribe to netif address/link change events and act on
them (currently needs to be done manually) - Handling multi-packet known answers
- Individual known answer detection for all local IPv6 addresses - Dynamic size
of outgoing packet / Copyright (c) 2015 Verisure Innovation AB All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Erik Ekman
<erik@kryo.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/mdns/mdns.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MQTT client @defgroup mqtt MQTT client @ingroup apps @verbinclude
mqtt_client.txt / Copyright (c) 2016 Erik Andersson <erian747@gmail.com> All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack Author: Erik Andersson <erian747@gmail.com> @todo: - Handle large outgoing
payloads for PUBLISH messages - Fix restriction of a single topic in each
(UN)SUBSCRIBE message (protocol has support for multiple topics) - Add support
for legacy MQTT protocol version Please coordinate changes and requests with
Erik Andersson Erik Andersson <erian747@gmail.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/mqtt/mqtt.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/mqtt/mqtt.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file NetBIOS name service responder / @defgroup netbiosns NETBIOS responder
@ingroup apps This is an example implementation of a NetBIOS name server. It
responds to name queries for a configurable name. Name resolving is not
supported. Note that the device doesn't broadcast it's own name so can't detect
duplicate names! / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/netbiosns/netbiosns.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Abstract Syntax Notation One (ISO 8824, 8825) encoding @todo not optimised
(yet), favor correctness over speed, favor speed over size / Copyright (c) 2006
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_asn1.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_asn1.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Abstract Syntax Notation One (ISO 8824, 8825) codec. / Copyright (c) 2006
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. Copyright (c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> Elias Oenal
<lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_asn1.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_asn1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [EPL-1.0] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MIB tree access/construction functions. / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> @defgroup
snmp SNMPv2c agent @ingroup apps SNMPv2c compatible agent\n There is also a MIB
compiler and a MIB viewer in lwIP contrib repository (lwip-
contrib/apps/LwipMibCompiler).\n The agent implements the most important MIB2
MIBs including IPv6 support (interfaces, UDP, TCP, SNMP, ICMP, SYSTEM). IP MIB
is an older version whithout IPv6 statistics (TODO).\n Rewritten by Martin
Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> and Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de>\n Work on
SNMPv3 has started, but is not finished.\n 0 Agent Capabilities Features: -
SNMPv2c support. - Low RAM usage - no memory pools, stack only. - MIB2
implementation is separated from SNMP stack. - Support for multiple MIBs
(snmp_set_mibs() call) - e.g. for private MIB. - Simple and generic API for MIB
implementation. - Comfortable node types and helper functions for scalar arrays
and tables. - Counter64, bit and truthvalue datatype support. - Callbacks for
SNMP writes e.g. to implement persistency. - Runs on two APIs: RAW and netconn.
- Async API is gone - the stack now supports netconn API instead, so blocking
operations can be done in MIB calls. SNMP runs in a worker thread when netconn
API is used. - Simplified thread sync support for MIBs - useful when MIBs need
to access variables shared with other threads where no locking is possible. Used
in MIB2 to access lwIP stats from lwIP thread. MIB compiler (code generator): -
Provided in lwIP contrib repository. - Written in C. MIB viewer used Windows
Forms. - Developed on Windows with Visual Studio 2010. - Can be compiled and
used on all platforms with http://www.monodevelop.com/. - Based on a heavily
modified version of of SharpSnmpLib (a4bd05c6afb4) (https://sharpsnmplib.codeple
x.com/SourceControl/network/forks/Nemo157/MIBParserUpdate). - MIB parser, C file
generation framework and LWIP code generation are cleanly separated, which means
the code may be useful as a base for code generation of other SNMP agents.
Notes: - Stack and MIB compiler were used to implement a Profinet device.
Compiled/implemented MIBs: LLDP-MIB, LLDP-EXT-DOT3-MIB, LLDP-EXT-PNO-MIB. SNMPv1
per RFC1157 and SNMPv2c per RFC 3416 Note the S in SNMP stands for "Simple".
Note that "Simple" is relative. SNMP is simple compared to the complex ISO
network management protocols CMIP (Common Management Information Protocol) and
CMOT (CMip Over Tcp). MIB II The standard lwIP stack management information
base. This is a required MIB, so this is always enabled. The groups EGP, CMOT
and transmission are disabled by default. Most mib-2 objects are not writable
except: sysName, sysLocation, sysContact, snmpEnableAuthenTraps. Writing to or
changing the ARP and IP address and route tables is not possible. Note lwIP has
a very limited notion of IP routing. It currently doen't have a route table and
doesn't have a notion of the U,G,H flags. Instead lwIP uses the interface list
with only one default interface acting as a single gateway interface (G) for the
default route. The agent returns a "virtual table" with the default route
0.0.0.0 for the default interface and network routes (no H) for each network
interface in the netif_list. All routes are considered to be up (U). Loading
additional MIBs MIBs can only be added in compile-time, not in run-time. 1
Building the Agent First of all you'll need to add the following define to your
local lwipopts.h: \define LWIP_SNMP 1 and add the source files your makefile.
Note you'll might need to adapt you network driver to update the mib2 variables
for your interface. 2 Running the Agent The following function calls must be
made in your program to actually get the SNMP agent running. Before starting the
agent you should supply pointers for sysContact, sysLocation, and
snmpEnableAuthenTraps. You can do this by calling - snmp_mib2_set_syscontact() -
snmp_mib2_set_syslocation() - snmp_set_auth_traps_enabled() You can register a
callback which is called on successful write access: snmp_set_write_callback().
Additionally you may want to set - snmp_mib2_set_sysdescr() -
snmp_set_device_enterprise_oid() - snmp_mib2_set_sysname() Also before starting
the agent you need to setup one or more trap destinations using these calls: -
snmp_trap_dst_enable() - snmp_trap_dst_ip_set() If you need more than MIB2, set
the MIBs you want to use by snmp_set_mibs(). Finally, enable the agent by
calling snmp_init() @defgroup snmp_core Core @ingroup snmp @defgroup snmp_traps
Traps @ingroup snmp /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_core.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin
Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_core_priv.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_core_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> / @defgroup snmp_mib2 MIB2 @ingroup snmp /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) ICMP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_icmp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_icmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) INTERFACES objects and functions.
/ Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_interfaces.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_interfaces.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) IP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_ip.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_ip.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) SNMP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_snmp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_snmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) SYSTEM objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_system.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_system.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) TCP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_tcp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_tcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) UDP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_udp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_udp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP message processing (RFC1157). / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. Copyright (c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin
Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> Elias Oenal <lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_msg.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_msg.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP Agent message handling structures (internal API, do not use in client
code). / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. Copyright
(c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> Elias Oenal
<lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_msg.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_msg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP netconn frontend. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_netconn.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_netconn.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP pbuf stream wrapper implementation (internal API, do not use in
client code). / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_pbuf_stream.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_pbuf_stream.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP pbuf stream wrapper (internal API, do not use in client code). /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin
Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_pbuf_stream.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_pbuf_stream.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP RAW API frontend. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_raw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_raw.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP scalar node support implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_scalar.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_scalar.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP table support implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_table.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_table.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP thread synchronization implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk
Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_threadsync.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_threadsync.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMPv1 traps implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Martin Hentschel Christiaan Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_traps.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_traps.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Additional SNMPv3 functionality RFC3414 and RFC3826. / Copyright (c) 2016
Elias Oenal. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Elias Oenal
<lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmpv3.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/snmpv3.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dummy SNMPv3 functions. / Copyright (c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Elias Oenal <lwip@eliasoenal.com> Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dirk@ziegelmeier.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3_dummy.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMPv3 crypto/auth functions implemented for ARM mbedtls. / Copyright (c)
2016 Elias Oenal and Dirk Ziegelmeier. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Elias Oenal
<lwip@eliasoenal.com> Dirk Ziegelmeier <dirk@ziegelmeier.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3_mbedtls.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3_mbedtls.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Additional SNMPv3 functionality RFC3414 and RFC3826 (internal API, do not
use in client code). / Copyright (c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Author: Elias Oenal <lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3_priv.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNTP client module / Copyright (c) 2007-2009 Frédéric Bernon, Simon
Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Frédéric Bernon, Simon Goldschmidt / @defgroup sntp SNTP
@ingroup apps This is simple "SNTP" client for the lwIP raw API. It is a minimal
implementation of SNTPv4 as specified in RFC 4330. For a list of some public NTP
servers, see this link : http://support.ntp.org/bin/view/Servers/NTPPoolServers
@todo: - set/change servers at runtime - complete SNTP_CHECK_RESPONSE checks 3
and 4 /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/sntp/sntp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file tftp_server.c @author Logan Gunthorpe <logang@deltatee.com> Dirk
Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> @brief Trivial File Transfer Protocol (RFC 1350)
Copyright (c) Deltatee Enterprises Ltd. 2013 All rights reserved. /
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification,are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Logan Gunthorpe <logang@deltatee.com> Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dziegel@gmx.de> / @defgroup tftp TFTP server @ingroup apps This is simple TFTP
server for the lwIP raw API. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/tftp/tftp_server.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/tftp/tftp_server.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Common functions used throughout the stack. These are reference
implementations of the byte swapping functions. Again with the aim of being
simple, correct and fully portable. Byte swapping is the second thing you would
want to optimize. You will need to port it to your architecture and in your
cc.h: \define lwip_htons(x) your_htons \define lwip_htonl(x) your_htonl Note
lwip_ntohs() and lwip_ntohl() are merely references to the htonx counterparts.
If you \define them to htons() and htonl(), you should \define
LWIP_DONT_PROVIDE_BYTEORDER_FUNCTIONS to prevent lwIP from defining htonx/ntohx
compatibility macros. @defgroup sys_nonstandard Non-standard functions @ingroup
sys_layer lwIP provides default implementations for non-standard functions.
These can be mapped to OS functions to reduce code footprint if desired. All
defines related to this section must not be placed in lwipopts.h, but in
arch/cc.h! These options cannot be \defined in lwipopts.h since they are not
options of lwIP itself, but options of the lwIP port to your system. / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/def.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/def.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DNS - host name to IP address resolver. @defgroup dns DNS @ingroup
callbackstyle_api Implements a DNS host name to IP address resolver. The lwIP
DNS resolver functions are used to lookup a host name and map it to a numerical
IP address. It maintains a list of resolved hostnames that can be queried with
the dns_lookup() function. New hostnames can be resolved using the dns_query()
function. The lwIP version of the resolver also adds a non-blocking version of
gethostbyname() that will work with a raw API application. This function checks
for an IP address string first and converts it if it is valid. gethostbyname()
then does a dns_lookup() to see if the name is already in the table. If so, the
IP is returned. If not, a query is issued and the function returns with a
ERR_INPROGRESS status. The app using the dns client must then go into a waiting
state. Once a hostname has been resolved (or found to be non-existent), the
resolver code calls a specified callback function (which must be implemented by
the module that uses the resolver). Multicast DNS queries are supported for
names ending on ".local". However, only "One-Shot Multicast DNS Queries" are
supported (RFC 6762 chapter 5.1), this is not a fully compliant implementation
of continuous mDNS querying! All functions must be called from TCPIP thread.
@see @ref netconn_common for thread-safe access. / Port to lwIP from uIP by Jim
Pettinato April 2007 security fixes and more by Simon Goldschmidt uIP version
Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / RFC 1035 - Domain
names - implementation and specification RFC 2181 - Clarifications to the DNS
Specification
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
@todo: define good default values (rfc compliance) / @todo: improve answer
parsing, more checkings... / @todo: check RFC1035 - 7.3. Processing responses /
@todo: one-shot mDNS: dual-stack fallback to another IP version / Includes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/dns.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Incluse internet checksum functions.\n These are some reference
implementations of the checksum algorithm, with the aim of being simple, correct
and fully portable. Checksumming is the first thing you would want to optimize
for your platform. If you create your own version, link it in and in your cc.h
put: \define LWIP_CHKSUM your_checksum_routine Or you can select from the
implementations below by defining LWIP_CHKSUM_ALGORITHM to 1, 2 or 3. /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/inet_chksum.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Common IPv4 and IPv6 code @defgroup ip IP @ingroup callbackstyle_api
@defgroup ip4 IPv4 @ingroup ip @defgroup ip6 IPv6 @ingroup ip @defgroup ipaddr
IP address handling @ingroup infrastructure @defgroup ip4addr IPv4 only @ingroup
ipaddr @defgroup ip6addr IPv6 only @ingroup ipaddr / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ip.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ip.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [EPL-1.0] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic memory manager This is a lightweight replacement for the standard
C library malloc(). If you want to use the standard C library malloc() instead,
define MEM_LIBC_MALLOC to 1 in your lwipopts.h To let mem_malloc() use pools
(prevents fragmentation and is much faster than a heap but might waste some
memory), define MEM_USE_POOLS to 1, define MEMP_USE_CUSTOM_POOLS to 1 and create
a file "lwippools.h" that includes a list of pools like this (more pools can be
added between _START and _END): Define three pools with sizes 256, 512, and 1512
bytes LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL_START LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL(20, 256)
LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL(10, 512) LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL(5, 1512)
LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL_END / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/mem.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/mem.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic pool memory manager lwIP has dedicated pools for many structures
(netconn, protocol control blocks, packet buffers, ...). All these pools are
managed here. @defgroup mempool Memory pools @ingroup infrastructure Custom
memory pools / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/memp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/memp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP network interface abstraction @defgroup netif Network interface
(NETIF) @ingroup callbackstyle_api @defgroup netif_ip4 IPv4 address handling
@ingroup netif @defgroup netif_ip6 IPv6 address handling @ingroup netif
@defgroup netif_cd Client data handling Store data (void) on a netif for
application usage. @see @ref LWIP_NUM_NETIF_CLIENT_DATA @ingroup netif /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/netif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/netif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Packet buffer management / @defgroup pbuf Packet buffers (PBUF) @ingroup
infrastructure Packets are built from the pbuf data structure. It supports
dynamic memory allocation for packet contents or can reference externally
managed packet contents both in RAM and ROM. Quick allocation for incoming
packets is provided through pools with fixed sized pbufs. A packet may span over
multiple pbufs, chained as a singly linked list. This is called a "pbuf chain".
Multiple packets may be queued, also using this singly linked list. This is
called a "packet queue". So, a packet queue consists of one or more pbuf chains,
each of which consist of one or more pbufs. CURRENTLY, PACKET QUEUES ARE NOT
SUPPORTED!!! Use helper structs to queue multiple packets. The differences
between a pbuf chain and a packet queue are very precise but subtle. The last
pbuf of a packet has a ->tot_len field that equals the ->len field. It can be
found by traversing the list. If the last pbuf of a packet has a ->next field
other than NULL, more packets are on the queue. Therefore, looping through a
pbuf of a single packet, has an loop end condition (tot_len p->len), NOT (next
NULL). Example of custom pbuf usage for zero-copy RX: @code{.c} typedef struct
my_custom_pbuf { struct pbuf_custom p; void dma_descriptor; } my_custom_pbuf_t;
LWIP_MEMPOOL_DECLARE(RX_POOL, 10, sizeof(my_custom_pbuf_t), "Zero-copy RX PBUF
pool"); void my_pbuf_free_custom(void p) { my_custom_pbuf_t my_puf
(my_custom_pbuf_t)p; LOCK_INTERRUPTS();
free_rx_dma_descriptor(my_pbuf->dma_descriptor); LWIP_MEMPOOL_FREE(RX_POOL,
my_pbuf); UNLOCK_INTERRUPTS(); } void eth_rx_irq() { dma_descriptor dma_desc
get_RX_DMA_descriptor_from_ethernet(); my_custom_pbuf_t my_pbuf
(my_custom_pbuf_t)LWIP_MEMPOOL_ALLOC(RX_POOL); my_pbuf->p.custom_free_function
my_pbuf_free_custom; my_pbuf->dma_descriptor dma_desc;
invalidate_cpu_cache(dma_desc->rx_data, dma_desc->rx_length); struct pbuf p
pbuf_alloced_custom(PBUF_RAW, dma_desc->rx_length, PBUF_REF, &my_pbuf->p,
dma_desc->rx_data, dma_desc->max_buffer_size); if(netif->input(p, netif) !
ERR_OK) { pbuf_free(p); } } @endcode / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/pbuf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Implementation of raw protocol PCBs for low-level handling of different
types of protocols besides (or overriding) those already available in lwIP.\n
See also @ref raw_raw @defgroup raw_raw RAW @ingroup callbackstyle_api
Implementation of raw protocol PCBs for low-level handling of different types of
protocols besides (or overriding) those already available in lwIP.\n @see @ref
raw_api / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/raw.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP Operating System abstraction / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / @defgroup
sys_layer Porting (system abstraction layer) @ingroup lwip @verbinclude
"sys_arch.txt" @defgroup sys_os OS abstraction layer @ingroup sys_layer No need
to implement functions in this section in NO_SYS mode. @defgroup sys_sem
Semaphores @ingroup sys_os @defgroup sys_mutex Mutexes @ingroup sys_os Mutexes
are recommended to correctly handle priority inversion, especially if you use
LWIP_CORE_LOCKING . @defgroup sys_mbox Mailboxes @ingroup sys_os @defgroup
sys_time Time @ingroup sys_layer @defgroup sys_prot Critical sections @ingroup
sys_layer Used to protect short regions of code against concurrent access. -
Your system is a bare-metal system (probably with an RTOS) and interrupts are
under your control: Implement this as LockInterrupts() / UnlockInterrupts() -
Your system uses an RTOS with deferred interrupt handling from a worker thread:
Implement as a global mutex or lock/unlock scheduler - Your system uses a high-
level OS with e.g. POSIX signals: Implement as a global mutex @defgroup sys_misc
Misc @ingroup sys_os /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Transmission Control Protocol for IP See also @ref tcp_raw @defgroup
tcp_raw TCP @ingroup callbackstyle_api Transmission Control Protocol for IP\n
@see @ref raw_api and @ref netconn Common functions for the TCP implementation,
such as functinos for manipulating the data structures and the TCP timer
functions. TCP functions related to input and output is found in tcp_in.c and
tcp_out.c respectively.\n / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/tcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file User Datagram Protocol module\n The code for the User Datagram Protocol
UDP & UDPLite (RFC 3828).\n See also @ref udp_raw @defgroup udp_raw UDP @ingroup
callbackstyle_api User Datagram Protocol module\n @see @ref raw_api and @ref
netconn / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / @todo Check the use of '(struct
udp_pcb).chksum_len_rx'! /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/udp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file AutoIP Automatic LinkLocal IP Configuration This is a AutoIP
implementation for the lwIP TCP/IP stack. It aims to conform with RFC 3927.
@defgroup autoip AUTOIP @ingroup ip4 AUTOIP related functions USAGE: define @ref
LWIP_AUTOIP 1 in your lwipopts.h Options: AUTOIP_TMR_INTERVAL msecs, I recommend
a value of 100. The value must divide 1000 with a remainder almost 0. Possible
values are 1000, 500, 333, 250, 200, 166, 142, 125, 111, 100 .... Without DHCP:
- Call autoip_start() after netif_add(). With DHCP: - define @ref
LWIP_DHCP_AUTOIP_COOP 1 in your lwipopts.h. - Configure your DHCP Client. @see
netifapi_autoip / Copyright (c) 2007 Dominik Spies <kontakt@dspies.de> All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/autoip.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv4/autoip.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol client @defgroup dhcp4 DHCPv4 @ingroup
ip4 DHCP (IPv4) related functions This is a DHCP client for the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. It aims to conform with RFC 2131 and RFC 2132. @todo: - Support for
interfaces other than Ethernet (SLIP, PPP, ...) Options: @ref
DHCP_COARSE_TIMER_SECS (recommended 60 which is a minute) @ref
DHCP_FINE_TIMER_MSECS (recommended 500 which equals TCP coarse timer)
dhcp_start() starts a DHCP client instance which configures the interface by
obtaining an IP address lease and maintaining it. Use dhcp_release() to end the
lease and use dhcp_stop() to remove the DHCP client. @see netifapi_dhcp4 /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. The Swedish Institute of Computer
Science and Adam Dunkels are specifically granted permission to redistribute
this source code. Author: Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/dhcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IGMP - Internet Group Management Protocol @defgroup igmp IGMP @ingroup ip4
To be called from TCPIP thread / Copyright (c) 2002 CITEL Technologies Ltd. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of CITEL Technologies Ltd
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CITEL TECHNOLOGIES AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CITEL TECHNOLOGIES OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is a
contribution to the lwIP TCP/IP stack. The Swedish Institute of Computer Science
and Adam Dunkels are specifically granted permission to redistribute this source
code. Note 1) Although the rfc requires V1 AND V2 capability we will only
support v2 since now V1 is very old (August 1989) V1 can be added if required a
debug print and statistic have been implemented to show this up. Note 2) A query
for a specific group address (as opposed to ALLHOSTS) has now been implemented
as I am unsure if it is required a debug print and statistic have been
implemented to show this up. Note 3) The router alert rfc 2113 is implemented in
outgoing packets but not checked rigorously incoming Steve Reynolds RFC 988 -
Host extensions for IP multicasting - V0 RFC 1054 - Host extensions for IP
multicasting RFC 1112 - Host extensions for IP multicasting - V1 RFC 2236 -
Internet Group Management Protocol, Version 2 - V2 <- this code is based on this
RFC (it's the "de facto" standard) RFC 3376 - Internet Group Management
Protocol, Version 3 - V3 RFC 4604 - Using Internet Group Management Protocol
Version 3... - V3+ RFC 2113 - IP Router Alert Option
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Includes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/igmp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv4/igmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DHCPv6. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/dhcp6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet output for IPv6. Uses ND tables for link-layer addressing. /
Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please
coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/ethip6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ethip6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv6/ethip6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ethip6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 version of ICMP, as per RFC 4443. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico
Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/icmp6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/icmp6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv6/icmp6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/icmp6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file INET v6 addresses. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/inet6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv6/inet6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 layer. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/ip6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv6/ip6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ip6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 addresses. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Functions for handling IPv6 addresses. Please coordinate
changes and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/ip6_addr.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv6/ip6_addr.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 fragmentation and reassembly. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies
Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/ip6_frag.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip6_frag.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv6/ip6_frag.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ip6_frag.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Multicast listener discovery @defgroup mld6 MLD6 @ingroup ip6 Multicast
listener discovery for IPv6. Aims to be compliant with RFC 2710. No support for
MLDv2.\n To be called from TCPIP thread / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies
Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> / Based on igmp.c
implementation of igmp v2 protocol /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/mld6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Neighbor discovery and stateless address autoconfiguration for IPv6. Aims
to be compliant with RFC 4861 (Neighbor discovery) and RFC 4862 (Address
autoconfiguration). / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/nd6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/nd6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/nd6_priv.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv6/nd6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/nd6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/priv/nd6_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netconn API (to be used from non-TCPIP threads) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/api.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/api.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Support for different processor and compiler architectures / Copyright (c)
2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/arch.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/arch.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file AutoIP Automatic LinkLocal IP Configuration / Copyright (c) 2007 Dominik
Spies <kontakt@dspies.de> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> This is a AutoIP implementation for the lwIP TCP/IP stack.
It aims to conform with RFC 3927. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/autoip.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/autoip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Debug messages infrastructure / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/debug.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/debug.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file various utility macros / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/def.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DHCP client API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg
<leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The
Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/dhcp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/dhcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 address autoconfiguration as per RFC 4862. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico
Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> IPv6 address
autoconfiguration as per RFC 4862. Please coordinate changes and requests with
Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/dhcp6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DNS API / lwip DNS resolver header file. Author: Jim Pettinato April 2007
ported from uIP resolv.c Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/dns.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/dns.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP Error codes / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/err.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/err.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Posix Errno defines / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/errno.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/errno.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet output function - handles OUTGOING ethernet level traffic,
implements ARP resolving. To be used in most low-level netif implementations /
Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. Copyright (c)
2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright (c) 2003-2004
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/etharp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/etharp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ICMP API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/icmp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/icmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IGMP API / Copyright (c) 2002 CITEL Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of CITEL Technologies Ltd nor the names of its contributors may
be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CITEL
TECHNOLOGIES AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CITEL
TECHNOLOGIES OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is a contribution to the lwIP TCP/IP stack. The
Swedish Institute of Computer Science and Adam Dunkels are specifically granted
permission to redistribute this source code.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/igmp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/igmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file (together with sockets.h) aims to provide structs and functions
from - arpa/inet.h - netinet/in.h / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/inet.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/inet.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP checksum calculation functions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/inet_chksum.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/inet_chksum.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP initialization API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/init.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/init.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv4 API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip4.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ip4.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv4 address API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip4_addr.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ip4_addr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP fragmentation/reassembly / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Jani Monoses <jani@iv.ro> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip4_frag.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ip4_frag.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 addresses. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Structs and macros for handling IPv6 addresses. Please
coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip6_addr.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ip6_addr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP address API (common IPv4 and IPv6) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip_addr.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ip_addr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Heap API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/mem.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/mem.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Memory pool API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/memp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/memp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Multicast listener discovery for IPv6. Aims to be compliant with RFC 2710.
No support for MLDv2. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/mld6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/mld6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netbuf API (for netconn API) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/netbuf.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/netbuf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file NETDB API (sockets) / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/netdb.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/netdb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netif API (to be used from TCPIP thread) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/netif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/netif.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netif API (to be used from non-TCPIP threads) / Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/netifapi.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/netifapi.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP Options Configuration / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / NOTE: || defined __DOXYGEN__ is a
workaround for doxygen bug without this, doxygen does not see the actual define
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/opt.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/opt.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file pbuf API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/pbuf.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/pbuf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file raw API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n See also @ref raw_raw / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/raw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/raw.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP support API for implementing netifs and statitics for MIB2 /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Dirk
Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/snmp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/snmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Socket API (to be used from non-TCPIP threads) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/sockets.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/sockets.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Statistics API (to be used from TCPIP thread) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/stats.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/stats.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file OS abstraction layer / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/sys.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/sys.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file TCP API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n See also @ref tcp_raw / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/tcp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/tcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Functions to sync with TCPIP thread / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/tcpip.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/tcpip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Timer implementations / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/timeouts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/timeouts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file UDP API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n See also @ref udp_raw / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/udp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/udp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file HTTP server / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> This version of the file has been
modified by Texas Instruments to offer simple server-side-include (SSI) and
Common Gateway Interface (CGI) capability. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/httpd.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/httpd.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file HTTP server options list / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> This version of the file has been
modified by Texas Instruments to offer simple server-side-include (SSI) and
Common Gateway Interface (CGI) capability. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/httpd_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/httpd_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP iPerf server implementation / Copyright (c) 2014 Simon Goldschmidt
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/lwiperf.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/lwiperf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MQTT client / Copyright (c) 2016 Erik Andersson All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Erik Andersson /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/mqtt.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/mqtt.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MQTT client options / Copyright (c) 2016 Erik Andersson All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Erik
Andersson /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/mqtt_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/mqtt_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file NETBIOS name service responder / Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/netbiosns.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/netbiosns.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file NETBIOS name service responder options / Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/netbiosns_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/netbiosns_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server main API - start and basic configuration / Copyright (c) 2001,
2002 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Axon
Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv>
Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP core API for implementing MIBs / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_core.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_core.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP MIB2 API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_mib2.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_mib2.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server options list / Copyright (c) 2015 Dirk Ziegelmeier All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Dirk
Ziegelmeier /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server MIB API to implement scalar nodes / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_scalar.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_scalar.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server MIB API to implement table nodes / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_table.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_table.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server MIB API to implement thread synchronization / Copyright (c)
2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_threadsync.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_threadsync.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNTP client API / Copyright (c) 2007-2009 Frédéric Bernon, Simon
Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Frédéric Bernon, Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/sntp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/sntp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNTP client options list / Copyright (c) 2007-2009 Frédéric Bernon,
Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Frédéric Bernon, Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/sntp_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/sntp_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file tftp_opts.h @author Logan Gunthorpe <logang@deltatee.com> @brief Trivial
File Transfer Protocol (RFC 1350) implementation options Copyright (c) Deltatee
Enterprises Ltd. 2013 All rights reserved. / Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification,are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Logan Gunthorpe
<logang@deltatee.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/tftp_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/tftp_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file tftp_server.h @author Logan Gunthorpe <logang@deltatee.com> @brief Trivial
File Transfer Protocol (RFC 1350) Copyright (c) Deltatee Enterprises Ltd. 2013
All rights reserved. / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with
or without modification,are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Logan Gunthorpe
<logang@deltatee.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/tftp_server.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/tftp_server.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netconn API lwIP internal implementations (do not use in application code)
/ Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/api_msg.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/priv/api_msg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file memory pools lwIP internal implementations (do not use in application
code) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/memp_priv.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/priv/memp_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file TCP internal implementations (do not use in application code) / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/tcp_priv.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/priv/tcp_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file TCPIP API internal implementations (do not use in application code) /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/tcpip_priv.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/priv/tcpip_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file AutoIP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2007 Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> This is a AutoIP implementation for the lwIP TCP/IP stack.
It aims to conform with RFC 3927. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/autoip.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/autoip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DHCP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg
<leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The
Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/dhcp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/dhcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DNS - host name to IP address resolver. / Port to lwIP from uIP by Jim
Pettinato April 2007 security fixes and more by Simon Goldschmidt uIP version
Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/dns.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/dns.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ARP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/etharp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/etharp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/ethernet.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/ethernet.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ICMP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/icmp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/icmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ICMP6 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/icmp6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/icmp6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IGMP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/igmp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/igmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/ip.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/ip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv4 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/ip4.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/ip4.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/ip6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/ip6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MLD6 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/mld6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/mld6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ND6 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/nd6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/nd6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file TCP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/tcp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/tcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file UDP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/udp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/udp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet input function - handles INCOMING ethernet level traffic To be
used in most low-level netif implementations / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg
<leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The
Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ethernet.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ethernet.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file 6LowPAN output for IPv6. Uses ND tables for link-layer addressing.
Fragments packets to 6LowPAN units. / Copyright (c) 2015 Inico Technologies Ltd.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/lowpan6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/lowpan6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file 6LowPAN options list / Copyright (c) 2015 Inico Technologies Ltd. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/lowpan6_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/lowpan6_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SLIP netif API / Copyright (c) 2001, Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the
Institute nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/slipif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/slipif.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ccp.h - Definitions for PPP Compression Control Protocol. Copyright (c)
1994-2002 Paul Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
The name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id:
ccp.h,v 1.12 2004/11/04 10:02:26 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ccp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/ccp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap-md5.h - New CHAP/MD5 implementation. Copyright (c) 2003 Paul Mackerras. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The name(s) of the
authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without prior written permission. 3. Redistributions of any
form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS
SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/chap-md5.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/chap-md5.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap-new.c - New CHAP implementation. Copyright (c) 2003 Paul Mackerras. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The name(s) of the
authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without prior written permission. 3. Redistributions of any
form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS
SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/chap-new.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/chap-new.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/chap-new.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/chap-new.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap_ms.h - Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol definitions. Copyright
(c) 1995 Eric Rosenquist. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of
this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: chap_ms.h,v 1.13 2004/11/15 22:13:26 paulus
Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/chap_ms.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/chap_ms.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

eap.h - Extensible Authentication Protocol for PPP (RFC 2284) Copyright (c) 2001
by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved. Non-exclusive rights to
redistribute, modify, translate, and use this software in source and binary
forms, in whole or in part, is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice is duplicated in any source form, and that neither the name of the
copyright holder nor the author is used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Original version by James
Carlson $Id: eap.h,v 1.2 2003/06/11 23:56:26 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/eap.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/eap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ecp.h - Definitions for PPP Encryption Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 2002
Google, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of
this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: ecp.h,v 1.2 2003/01/10 07:12:36 fcusack Exp $
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ecp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/ecp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

eui64.h - EUI64 routines for IPv6CP. Copyright (c) 1999 Tommi Komulainen. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Tommi Komulainen <Tommi.Komulainen@iki.fi>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: eui64.h,v 1.6 2002/12/04
23:03:32 paulus Exp $

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/eui64.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/eui64.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

fsm.h - {Link, IP} Control Protocol Finite State Machine definitions. Copyright
(c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
"Carnegie Mellon University" must not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For permission or
any legal details, please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon
University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax:
(412) 268-7395 tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: fsm.h,v 1.10 2004/11/13
02:28:15 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/fsm.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/fsm.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ipcp.h - IP Control Protocol definitions. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie
Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: ipcp.h,v 1.14 2002/12/04
23:03:32 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ipcp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/ipcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ipv6cp.h - PPP IPV6 Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1999 Tommi Komulainen. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Tommi Komulainen <Tommi.Komulainen@iki.fi>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. / Original version, based on
RFC2023 : Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997 Francis.Dupont@inria.fr, INRIA
Rocquencourt, Alain.Durand@imag.fr, IMAG, Jean-Luc.Richier@imag.fr, IMAG-LSR.
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Francis.Dupont@inria.fr, GIE DYADE,
Alain.Durand@imag.fr, IMAG, Jean-Luc.Richier@imag.fr, IMAG-LSR. Ce travail a
été fait au sein du GIE DYADE (Groupement d'Intérêt Économique ayant pour
membres BULL S.A. et l'INRIA). Ce logiciel informatique est disponible aux
conditions usuelles dans la recherche, c'est-à-dire qu'il peut être utilisé,
copié, modifié, distribué à l'unique condition que ce texte soit conservé
afin que l'origine de ce logiciel soit reconnue. Le nom de l'Institut National
de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique (INRIA), de l'IMAG, ou d'une
personne morale ou physique ayant participé à l'élaboration de ce logiciel ne
peut être utilisé sans son accord préalable explicite. Ce logiciel est fourni
tel quel sans aucune garantie, support ou responsabilité d'aucune sorte. Ce
logiciel est dérivé de sources d'origine "University of California at
Berkeley" et "Digital Equipment Corporation" couvertes par des copyrights.
L'Institut d'Informatique et de Mathématiques Appliquées de Grenoble (IMAG)
est une fédération d'unités mixtes de recherche du CNRS, de l'Institut
National Polytechnique de Grenoble et de l'Université Joseph Fourier regroupant
sept laboratoires dont le laboratoire Logiciels, Systèmes, Réseaux (LSR). This
work has been done in the context of GIE DYADE (joint R & D venture between BULL
S.A. and INRIA). This software is available with usual "research" terms with the
aim of retain credits of the software. Permission to use, copy, modify and
distribute this software for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies, and the name of INRIA, IMAG, or any contributor not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to this material without the prior explicit
permission. The software is provided "as is" without any warranties, support or
liabilities of any kind. This software is derived from source code from
"University of California at Berkeley" and "Digital Equipment Corporation"
protected by copyrights. Grenoble's Institute of Computer Science and Applied
Mathematics (IMAG) is a federation of seven research units funded by the CNRS,
National Polytechnic Institute of Grenoble and University Joseph Fourier. The
research unit in Software, Systems, Networks (LSR) is member of IMAG. Derived
from : ipcp.h - IP Control Protocol definitions. Copyright (c) 1984-2000
Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
"Carnegie Mellon University" must not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For permission or
any legal details, please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon
University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax:
(412) 268-7395 tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: ipv6cp.h,v 1.7 2002/12/04
23:03:32 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ipv6cp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/ipv6cp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

lcp.h - Link Control Protocol definitions. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie
Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: lcp.h,v 1.20 2004/11/14
22:53:42 carlsonj Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/lcp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/lcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

magic.h - PPP Magic Number definitions. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: magic.h,v 1.5 2003/06/11
23:56:26 paulus Exp $ / randm.h - Random number generator header file. Copyright
(c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. Copyright (c) 1998
Global Election Systems Inc. The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy,
modify, distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any
purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and
that this notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any
distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any
of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 03-01-01 Marc
Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to lwIP. 98-05-29 Guy Lancaster <glanca@gesn.com>,
Global Election Systems Inc. Extracted from avos.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/magic.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/magic.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

mppe.h - Definitions for MPPE Copyright (c) 2008 Paul Mackerras. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software must not be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior
written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the
following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by Paul
Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/mppe.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/mppe.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ppp.h - Network Point to Point Protocol header file. Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. portions Copyright (c) 1997 Global
Election Systems Inc. The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify,
distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any purpose,
provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that
this notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any
distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any
of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 03-01-01 Marc
Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to lwIP. 97-11-05 Guy Lancaster <glanca@gesn.com>,
Global Election Systems Inc. Original derived from BSD codes.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ppp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ppp_impl.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/ppp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/ppp_impl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

pppcrypt.c - PPP/DES linkage for MS-CHAP and EAP SRP-SHA1 Extracted from
chap_ms.c by James Carlson. Copyright (c) 1995 Eric Rosenquist. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software must not be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior
written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppcrypt.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppcrypt.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/pppcrypt.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/pppcrypt.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

pppdebug.h - System debugging utilities. Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher,
Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. portions Copyright (c) 1998 Global Election
Systems Inc. portions Copyright (c) 2001 by Cognizant Pty Ltd. The authors
hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this
software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright
notices are retained in all copies and that this notice and the following
disclaimer are included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY (please don't use tabs!) 03-01-01 Marc Boucher
<marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to lwIP. 98-07-29 Guy Lancaster <lancasterg@acm.org>,
Global Election Systems Inc. Original.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppdebug.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/pppdebug.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

pppoe.h - PPP Over Ethernet implementation for lwIP. Copyright (c) 2006 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. The authors hereby grant permission
to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this software and its
documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are
retained in all copies and that this notice and the following disclaimer are
included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 06-01-01 Marc Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to
lwIP. based on NetBSD: if_pppoe.c,v 1.64 2006/01/31 23:50:15 martin Exp /
Copyright (c) 2002 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved. This code is
derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation by Martin Husemann
<martin@NetBSD.org>. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features
or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: This product
includes software developed by the NetBSD Foundation, Inc. and its contributors.
4. Neither the name of The NetBSD Foundation nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD
FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppoe.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/pppoe.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Point to Point Protocol over Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol header
file. / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppol2tp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/pppol2tp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Point to Point Protocol over Serial header file. / Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppos.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/pppos.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

upap.h - User/Password Authentication Protocol definitions. Copyright (c)
1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
"Carnegie Mellon University" must not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For permission or
any legal details, please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon
University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax:
(412) 268-7395 tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: upap.h,v 1.8 2002/12/04
23:03:33 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/upap.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/upap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Definitions for tcp compression routines. $Id: vj.h,v 1.7 2010/02/22 17:52:09
goldsimon Exp $ Copyright (c) 1989 Regents of the University of California. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in
all such forms and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other
materials related to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was
developed by the University of California, Berkeley. The name of the University
may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS''
AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Van Jacobson (van@helios.ee.lbl.gov), Dec 31, 1989: - Initial distribution. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/vj.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/vj.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file arc4.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/arc4.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/arc4.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file des.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/des.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/des.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file md4.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/md4.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/md4.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file md5.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/md5.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/md5.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file sha1.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/sha1.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/sha1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file is a posix wrapper for lwip/errno.h. / Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/posix/errno.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file is a posix wrapper for lwip/netdb.h. / Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/posix/netdb.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/compat/posix/netdb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file is a posix wrapper for lwip/sockets.h. / Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/posix/sys/socket.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/compat/posix/arpa/inet.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/compat/posix/sys/socket.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet common functions @defgroup ethernet Ethernet @ingroup
callbackstyle_api / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv>
Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ethernet.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ethernet.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file 6LowPAN output for IPv6. Uses ND tables for link-layer addressing.
Fragments packets to 6LowPAN units. / Copyright (c) 2015 Inico Technologies Ltd.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> / @defgroup sixlowpan
6LowPAN netif @ingroup addons 6LowPAN netif implementation /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/lowpan6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SLIP Interface / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the
Institute nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is built
upon the file: src/arch/rtxc/netif/sioslip.c Author: Magnus Ivarsson
<magnus.ivarsson(at)volvo.com> Simon Goldschmidt / @defgroup slipif SLIP netif
@ingroup addons This is an arch independent SLIP netif. The specific serial
hooks must be provided by another file. They are sio_open, sio_read/sio_tryread
and sio_send Usage: This netif can be used in three ways:\n 1) For NO_SYS0, an
RX thread can be used which blocks on sio_read() until data is received.\n 2) In
your main loop, call slipif_poll() to check for new RX bytes, completed packets
are fed into netif->input().\n 3) Call slipif_received_byte[s]() from your
serial RX ISR and slipif_process_rxqueue() from your main loop. ISR level
decodes packets and puts completed packets on a queue which is fed into the
stack from the main loop (needs SYS_LIGHTWEIGHT_PROT for pbuf_alloc to work on
ISR level!). /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/slipif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

auth.c - PPP authentication and phase control. Copyright (c) 1993-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Derived
from main.c, which is: Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon University. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon University" must
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
prior written permission. For permission or any legal details, please contact
Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395 tech-
transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain
the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by
Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/auth.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/auth.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ccp.c - PPP Compression Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1994-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ccp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/ccp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap-md5.c - New CHAP/MD5 implementation. Copyright (c) 2003 Paul Mackerras. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The name(s) of the
authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without prior written permission. 3. Redistributions of any
form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS
SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/chap-md5.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/chap-md5.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap_ms.c - Microsoft MS-CHAP compatible implementation. Copyright (c) 1995 Eric
Rosenquist. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of
this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. / Modifications by Lauri Pesonen /
lpesonen@clinet.fi, april 1997 Implemented LANManager type password response to
MS-CHAP challenges. Now pppd provides both NT style and LANMan style blocks, and
the prefered is set by option "ms-lanman". Default is to use NT. The hash text
(StdText) was taken from Win95 RASAPI32.DLL. You should also use
DOMAIN\\USERNAME as described in README.MSCHAP80 / Modifications by Frank
Cusack, frank@google.com, March 2002. Implemented MS-CHAPv2 functionality,
heavily based on sample implementation in RFC 2759. Implemented MPPE
functionality, heavily based on sample implementation in RFC 3079. Copyright (c)
2002 Google, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of
this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/chap_ms.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/chap_ms.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

demand.c - Support routines for demand-dialling. Copyright (c) 1996-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/demand.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/demand.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

eap.c - Extensible Authentication Protocol for PPP (RFC 2284) Copyright (c) 2001
by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved. Non-exclusive rights to
redistribute, modify, translate, and use this software in source and binary
forms, in whole or in part, is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice is duplicated in any source form, and that neither the name of the
copyright holder nor the author is used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Original version by James
Carlson This implementation of EAP supports MD5-Challenge and SRP-SHA1
authentication styles. Note that support of MD5-Challenge is a requirement of
RFC 2284, and that it's essentially just a reimplementation of regular RFC 1994
CHAP using EAP messages. As an authenticator ("server"), there are multiple
phases for each style. In the first phase of each style, the unauthenticated
peer name is queried using the EAP Identity request type. If the "remotename"
option is used, then this phase is skipped, because the peer's name is presumed
to be known. For MD5-Challenge, there are two phases, and the second phase
consists of sending the challenge itself and handling the associated response.
For SRP-SHA1, there are four phases. The second sends 's', 'N', and 'g'. The
reply contains 'A'. The third sends 'B', and the reply contains 'M1'. The forth
sends the 'M2' value. As an authenticatee ("client"), there's just a single
phase responding to the queries generated by the peer. EAP is an authenticator-
driven protocol. Based on draft-ietf-pppext-eap-srp-03.txt. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/eap.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/eap.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ecp.c - PPP Encryption Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 2002 Google, Inc. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Derived from ccp.c, which is: Copyright (c)
1994-2002 Paul Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
The name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ecp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/ecp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

eui64.c - EUI64 routines for IPv6CP. Copyright (c) 1999 Tommi Komulainen. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Tommi Komulainen <Tommi.Komulainen@iki.fi>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: eui64.c,v 1.6 2002/12/04
23:03:32 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/eui64.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/eui64.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

fsm.c - {Link, IP} Control Protocol Finite State Machine. Copyright (c)
1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
"Carnegie Mellon University" must not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For permission or
any legal details, please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon
University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax:
(412) 268-7395 tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/fsm.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/fsm.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ipcp.c - PPP IP Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ipcp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/ipcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ipv6cp.c - PPP IPV6 Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1999 Tommi Komulainen. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Tommi Komulainen <Tommi.Komulainen@iki.fi>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. / Original version, based on
RFC2023 : Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997 Francis.Dupont@inria.fr, INRIA
Rocquencourt, Alain.Durand@imag.fr, IMAG, Jean-Luc.Richier@imag.fr, IMAG-LSR.
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Francis.Dupont@inria.fr, GIE DYADE,
Alain.Durand@imag.fr, IMAG, Jean-Luc.Richier@imag.fr, IMAG-LSR. Ce travail a
été fait au sein du GIE DYADE (Groupement d'Intérêt Économique ayant pour
membres BULL S.A. et l'INRIA). Ce logiciel informatique est disponible aux
conditions usuelles dans la recherche, c'est-à-dire qu'il peut être utilisé,
copié, modifié, distribué à l'unique condition que ce texte soit conservé
afin que l'origine de ce logiciel soit reconnue. Le nom de l'Institut National
de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique (INRIA), de l'IMAG, ou d'une
personne morale ou physique ayant participé à l'élaboration de ce logiciel ne
peut être utilisé sans son accord préalable explicite. Ce logiciel est fourni
tel quel sans aucune garantie, support ou responsabilité d'aucune sorte. Ce
logiciel est dérivé de sources d'origine "University of California at
Berkeley" et "Digital Equipment Corporation" couvertes par des copyrights.
L'Institut d'Informatique et de Mathématiques Appliquées de Grenoble (IMAG)
est une fédération d'unités mixtes de recherche du CNRS, de l'Institut
National Polytechnique de Grenoble et de l'Université Joseph Fourier regroupant
sept laboratoires dont le laboratoire Logiciels, Systèmes, Réseaux (LSR). This
work has been done in the context of GIE DYADE (joint R & D venture between BULL
S.A. and INRIA). This software is available with usual "research" terms with the
aim of retain credits of the software. Permission to use, copy, modify and
distribute this software for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies, and the name of INRIA, IMAG, or any contributor not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to this material without the prior explicit
permission. The software is provided "as is" without any warranties, support or
liabilities of any kind. This software is derived from source code from
"University of California at Berkeley" and "Digital Equipment Corporation"
protected by copyrights. Grenoble's Institute of Computer Science and Applied
Mathematics (IMAG) is a federation of seven research units funded by the CNRS,
National Polytechnic Institute of Grenoble and University Joseph Fourier. The
research unit in Software, Systems, Networks (LSR) is member of IMAG. Derived
from : ipcp.c - PPP IP Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: ipv6cp.c,v 1.21 2005/08/25
23:59:34 paulus Exp $ / @todo: Proxy Neighbour Discovery. Better defines for
selecting the ordering of interface up / set address. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ipv6cp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/ipv6cp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

lcp.c - PPP Link Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/lcp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/lcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

magic.c - PPP Magic Number routines. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. / randm.c - Random number
generator program file. Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services
Informatiques (MBSI) inc. Copyright (c) 1998 by Global Election Systems Inc. The
authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license
this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that existing
copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice and the
following disclaimer are included verbatim in any distributions. No written
agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 03-01-01 Marc Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to
lwIP. 98-06-03 Guy Lancaster <lancasterg@acm.org>, Global Election Systems Inc.
Extracted from avos.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/magic.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/magic.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

mppe.c - interface MPPE to the PPP code. By Frank Cusack <fcusack@fcusack.com>.
Copyright (c) 2002,2003,2004 Google, Inc. All rights reserved. License:
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
appears in all copies. This software is provided without any warranty, express
or implied. Changelog: 08/12/05 - Matt Domsch <Matt_Domsch@dell.com> Only need
extra skb padding on transmit, not receive. 06/18/04 - Matt Domsch
<Matt_Domsch@dell.com>, Oleg Makarenko <mole@quadra.ru> Use Linux kernel 2.6
arc4 and sha1 routines rather than providing our own. 2/15/04 - TS: added
include <version.h> and testing for Kernel version before using
MOD_DEC_USAGE_COUNT/MOD_INC_USAGE_COUNT which are deprecated in 2.6 /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/mppe.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/mppe.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

multilink.c - support routines for multilink. Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/multilink.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/multilink.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ppp.c - Network Point to Point Protocol program file. Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. portions Copyright (c) 1997 by
Global Election Systems Inc. The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy,
modify, distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any
purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and
that this notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any
distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any
of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 03-01-01 Marc
Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to lwIP. 97-11-05 Guy Lancaster
<lancasterg@acm.org>, Global Election Systems Inc. Original. ppp_defs.h - PPP
definitions. if_pppvar.h - private structures and declarations for PPP.
Copyright (c) 1994 The Australian National University. All rights reserved.
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
appears in all copies. This software is provided without any warranty, express
or implied. The Australian National University makes no representations about
the suitability of this software for any purpose. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAVE
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL
UNIVERSITY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUSTRALIAN
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES,
ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS. / if_ppp.h - Point-to-Point Protocol
definitions. Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted provided that
the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in all such forms
and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other materials related
to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed by
Carnegie Mellon University. The name of the University may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. / @defgroup ppp PPP netif
@ingroup addons @verbinclude "ppp.txt" /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ppp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Point To Point Protocol Sequential API module / Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppapi.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/pppapi.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

pppoe.c - PPP Over Ethernet implementation for lwIP. Copyright (c) 2006 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. The authors hereby grant permission
to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this software and its
documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are
retained in all copies and that this notice and the following disclaimer are
included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 06-01-01 Marc Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to
lwIP. based on NetBSD: if_pppoe.c,v 1.64 2006/01/31 23:50:15 martin Exp /
Copyright (c) 2002 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved. This code is
derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation by Martin Husemann
<martin@NetBSD.org>. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features
or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: This product
includes software developed by the NetBSD Foundation, Inc. and its contributors.
4. Neither the name of The NetBSD Foundation nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD
FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppoe.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/pppoe.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Point to Point Protocol over Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol program
file. / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. / L2TP Support
status: Supported: - L2TPv2 (PPP over L2TP, a.k.a. UDP tunnels) - LAC Not
supported: - LNS (require PPP server support) - L2TPv3 ethernet pseudowires -
L2TPv3 VLAN pseudowire - L2TPv3 PPP pseudowires - L2TPv3 IP encapsulation -
L2TPv3 IP pseudowire - L2TP tunnel switching - http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-
ietf-l2tpext-tunnel-switching-08 - Multiple tunnels per UDP socket, as well as
multiple sessions per tunnel - Hidden AVPs /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppol2tp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/pppol2tp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Point to Point Protocol over Serial file. / Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppos.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/pppos.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

upap.c - User/Password Authentication Protocol. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie
Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/upap.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/upap.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

utils.c - various utility functions used in pppd. Copyright (c) 1999-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/utils.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/utils.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Routines to compress and uncompess tcp packets (for transmission over low speed
serial lines. Copyright (c) 1989 Regents of the University of California. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in
all such forms and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other
materials related to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was
developed by the University of California, Berkeley. The name of the University
may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS''
AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Van Jacobson (van@helios.ee.lbl.gov), Dec 31, 1989: Initial distribution.
Modified June 1993 by Paul Mackerras, paulus@cs.anu.edu.au, so that the entire
packet being decompressed doesn't have to be in contiguous memory (just the
compressed header). Modified March 1998 by Guy Lancaster, glanca@gesn.com, for a
16 bit processor. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/vj.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/vj.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

An implementation of the ARCFOUR algorithm Based on XySSL: Copyright (C)
2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer
at polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / The ARCFOUR
algorithm was publicly disclosed on 94/09.
http://groups.google.com/group/sci.crypt/msg/10a300c9d21afca0 /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/arc4.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/arc4.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

FIPS-46-3 compliant Triple-DES implementation Based on XySSL: Copyright (C)
2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer
at polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / DES, on which
TDES is based, was originally designed by Horst Feistel at IBM in 1974, and was
adopted as a standard by NIST (formerly NBS).
http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/fips/fips46-3/fips46-3.pdf /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/des.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/des.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

RFC 1186/1320 compliant MD4 implementation Based on XySSL: Copyright (C)
2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer
at polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / The MD4 algorithm
was designed by Ron Rivest in 1990. http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1186.txt
http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1320.txt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/md4.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/md4.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

RFC 1321 compliant MD5 implementation Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008
Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at
polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / The MD5 algorithm
was designed by Ron Rivest in 1991. http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1321.txt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/md5.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/md5.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

FIPS-180-1 compliant SHA-1 implementation Based on XySSL: Copyright (C)
2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer
at polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / The SHA-1
standard was published by NIST in 1993.
http://www.itl.nist.gov/fipspubs/fip180-1.htm /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/sha1.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/sha1.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/elf_loader.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/open_amp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/rsc_table_parser.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/elf_loader.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Remoteproc Framework Copyright(c) 2018 Xilinx Ltd. Copyright(c) 2011 Texas
Instruments, Inc. Copyright(c) 2011 Google, Inc. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/remoteproc.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / FILE NAME remoteproc_loader.h COMPONENT
OpenAMP stack. DESCRIPTION This file provides definitions for remoteproc loader
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/remoteproc_loader.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Remoteproc Virtio Framework Copyright(c) 2018 Xilinx Ltd. Copyright(c) 2011
Texas Instruments, Inc. Copyright(c) 2011 Google, Inc. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/remoteproc_virtio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Remote processor messaging Copyright (C) 2011 Texas Instruments, Inc. Copyright
(C) 2011 Google, Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2016 Freescale
Semiconductor, Inc. All rights reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/rpmsg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

rpmsg based on virtio Copyright (C) 2018 Linaro, Inc. All rights reserved.
Copyright (c) 2016 Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/rpmsg_virtio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright Rusty Russell IBM Corporation 2007. SPDX-License-Identifier:
BSD-3-Clause $FreeBSD$ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/virtio_ring.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. All rights
reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/remoteproc.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/system/freertos/machine/zynq7/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/system/freertos/machine/zynqmp_r5/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/system/generic/machine/zynq7/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/system/generic/machine/zynqmp_r5/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/system/freertos/machine/zynq7/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/system/freertos/machine/zynqmp_r5/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/system/generic/machine/zynq7/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/system/generic/machine/zynqmp_r5/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/system/freertos/machine/zynq7/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/system/freertos/machine/zynqmp_r5/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/system/generic/machine/zynq7/helper.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/system/generic/machine/zynqmp_r5/helper.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Remoteproc Virtio Framework Implementation Copyright(c) 2018 Xilinx Ltd.
Copyright(c) 2011 Texas Instruments, Inc. Copyright(c) 2011 Google, Inc. All
rights reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/remoteproc_virtio.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation Copyright (c) 2018, Xilinx Inc.
All rights reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/rsc_table_parser.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. Copyright
(c) 2016 Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2018
Linaro, Inc. All rights reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/rpmsg/rpmsg.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/rpmsg/rpmsg_virtio.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2011, Bryan Venteicher <bryanv@FreeBSD.org> All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-2-Clause /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/virtio/virtio.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/virtio/virtqueue.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Interface Identification APIs from: RFC 3493: Basic Socket Interface
Extensions for IPv6 Section 4: Interface Identification @defgroup if_api
Interface Identification API @ingroup socket / Copyright (c) 2017 Joel
Cunningham, Garmin International, Inc. <joel.cunningham@garmin.com> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Joel
Cunningham <joel.cunningham@me.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/api/if_api.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP/TLS connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread)
This file provides a TLS layer using mbedTLS / Copyright (c) 2017 Simon
Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> Watch out: - 'sent' is
always called with len0 to the upper layer. This is because keeping track of the
ratio of application data and TLS overhead would be too much. Mandatory
security-related configuration: - define ALTCP_MBEDTLS_RNG_FN to
mbedtls_entropy_func to use the standard mbedTLS entropy and ensure to add at
least one strong entropy source to your mbedtls port (implement
mbedtls_platform_entropy_poll or mbedtls_hardware_poll providing strong entropy)
- define ALTCP_MBEDTLS_ENTROPY_PTR and ALTCP_MBEDTLS_ENTROPY_LEN to something
providing GOOD custom entropy Missing things / @todo: - some unhandled/untested
things migh be caught by LWIP_ASSERTs... /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/altcp_tls/altcp_tls_mbedtls.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread) This
file contains memory management functions for a TLS layer using mbedTLS.
ATTENTION: For production usage, you might want to override this file with your
own implementation since this implementation simply uses the lwIP heap without
caring for fragmentation or leaving heap for other parts of lwIP! / Copyright
(c) 2017 Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> Missing things / @todo: - RX
data is acknowledged after receiving (tcp_recved is called when enqueueing the
pbuf for mbedTLS receive, not when processed by mbedTLS or the inner connection;
altcp_recved() from inner connection does nothing) - TX data is marked as 'sent'
(i.e. acknowledged; sent callback is called) right after enqueueing for
transmission, not when actually ACKed be the remote host. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/altcp_tls/altcp_tls_mbedtls_mem.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP/TLS connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread)
This file contains memory management function prototypes for a TLS layer using
mbedTLS. Memory management contains: - allocating/freeing altcp_mbedtls_state_t
- allocating/freeing memory used in the mbedTLS library / Copyright (c) 2017
Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/altcp_tls/altcp_tls_mbedtls_mem.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP/TLS connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread)
This file contains structure definitions for a TLS layer using mbedTLS. /
Copyright (c) 2017 Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/altcp_tls/altcp_tls_mbedtls_structs.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP connection API that executes a proxy-connect. This
file provides a starting layer that executes a proxy-connect e.g. to set up TLS
connections through a http proxy. / Copyright (c) 2018 Simon Goldschmidt All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/http/altcp_proxyconnect.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/altcp_proxyconnect.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file HTTP client / Copyright (c) 2018 Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> / @defgroup httpc HTTP
client @ingroup apps @todo: - persistent connections - select outgoing http
version - optionally follow redirect - check request uri for invalid characters?
(e.g. encode spaces) - IPv6 support /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/http/http_client.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2013-2017, tinydir authors: Cong Xu Lautis Sun Baudouin Feildel
Andargor <andargor@yahoo.com> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/http/makefsdata/tinydir.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP iPerf server implementation / @defgroup iperf Iperf server @ingroup
apps This is a simple performance measuring client/server to check your bandwith
using iPerf2 on a PC as server/client. It is currently a minimal implementation
providing a TCP client/server only. @todo: - implement UDP mode - protect
combined sessions handling (via 'related_master_state') against reallocation
(this is a pointer address, currently, so if the same memory is allocated again,
session pairs (tx/rx) can be confused on reallocation) / Copyright (c) 2014
Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/lwiperf/lwiperf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [EPL-1.0] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MDNS responder implementation @defgroup mdns MDNS @ingroup apps RFC 6762 -
Multicast DNS\n RFC 6763 - DNS-Based Service Discovery\n @verbinclude mdns.txt
Things left to implement: - Tiebreaking for simultaneous probing - Sending
goodbye messages (zero ttl) - shutdown, DHCP lease about to expire, DHCP turned
off... - Checking that source address of unicast requests are on the same
network - Limiting multicast responses to 1 per second per resource record -
Fragmenting replies if required - Handling multi-packet known answers -
Individual known answer detection for all local IPv6 addresses - Dynamic size of
outgoing packet / Copyright (c) 2015 Verisure Innovation AB All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Erik Ekman <erik@kryo.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/mdns/mdns.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [EPL-1.0] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MIB tree access/construction functions. / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> @defgroup
snmp SNMPv2c/v3 agent @ingroup apps SNMPv2c and SNMPv3 compatible agent\n There
is also a MIB compiler and a MIB viewer in lwIP contrib repository (lwip-
contrib/apps/LwipMibCompiler).\n The agent implements the most important MIB2
MIBs including IPv6 support (interfaces, UDP, TCP, SNMP, ICMP, SYSTEM). IP MIB
is an older version without IPv6 statistics (TODO).\n Rewritten by Martin
Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> and Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de>\n 0 Agent
Capabilities Features: - SNMPv2c support. - SNMPv3 support (a port to ARM
mbedtls is provided, LWIP_SNMP_V3_MBEDTLS option). - Low RAM usage - no memory
pools, stack only. - MIB2 implementation is separated from SNMP stack. - Support
for multiple MIBs (snmp_set_mibs() call) - e.g. for private MIB. - Simple and
generic API for MIB implementation. - Comfortable node types and helper
functions for scalar arrays and tables. - Counter64, bit and truthvalue datatype
support. - Callbacks for SNMP writes e.g. to implement persistency. - Runs on
two APIs: RAW and netconn. - Async API is gone - the stack now supports netconn
API instead, so blocking operations can be done in MIB calls. SNMP runs in a
worker thread when netconn API is used. - Simplified thread sync support for
MIBs - useful when MIBs need to access variables shared with other threads where
no locking is possible. Used in MIB2 to access lwIP stats from lwIP thread. MIB
compiler (code generator): - Provided in lwIP contrib repository. - Written in
C. MIB viewer used Windows Forms. - Developed on Windows with Visual Studio
2010. - Can be compiled and used on all platforms with
http://www.monodevelop.com/. - Based on a heavily modified version of of
SharpSnmpLib (a4bd05c6afb4) (https://sharpsnmplib.codeplex.com/SourceControl/net
work/forks/Nemo157/MIBParserUpdate). - MIB parser, C file generation framework
and LWIP code generation are cleanly separated, which means the code may be
useful as a base for code generation of other SNMP agents. Notes: - Stack and
MIB compiler were used to implement a Profinet device. Compiled/implemented
MIBs: LLDP-MIB, LLDP-EXT-DOT3-MIB, LLDP-EXT-PNO-MIB. SNMPv1 per RFC1157 and
SNMPv2c per RFC 3416 Note the S in SNMP stands for "Simple". Note that "Simple"
is relative. SNMP is simple compared to the complex ISO network management
protocols CMIP (Common Management Information Protocol) and CMOT (CMip Over
Tcp). SNMPv3 When SNMPv3 is used, several functions from snmpv3.h must be
implemented by the user. This is mainly user management and persistence
handling. The sample provided in lwip-contrib is insecure, don't use it in
production systems, especially the missing persistence for engine boots variable
simplifies replay attacks. MIB II The standard lwIP stack management information
base. This is a required MIB, so this is always enabled. The groups EGP, CMOT
and transmission are disabled by default. Most mib-2 objects are not writable
except: sysName, sysLocation, sysContact, snmpEnableAuthenTraps. Writing to or
changing the ARP and IP address and route tables is not possible. Note lwIP has
a very limited notion of IP routing. It currently doen't have a route table and
doesn't have a notion of the U,G,H flags. Instead lwIP uses the interface list
with only one default interface acting as a single gateway interface (G) for the
default route. The agent returns a "virtual table" with the default route
0.0.0.0 for the default interface and network routes (no H) for each network
interface in the netif_list. All routes are considered to be up (U). Loading
additional MIBs MIBs can only be added in compile-time, not in run-time. 1
Building the Agent First of all you'll need to add the following define to your
local lwipopts.h: \define LWIP_SNMP 1 and add the source files your makefile.
Note you'll might need to adapt you network driver to update the mib2 variables
for your interface. 2 Running the Agent The following function calls must be
made in your program to actually get the SNMP agent running. Before starting the
agent you should supply pointers for sysContact, sysLocation, and
snmpEnableAuthenTraps. You can do this by calling - snmp_mib2_set_syscontact() -
snmp_mib2_set_syslocation() - snmp_set_auth_traps_enabled() You can register a
callback which is called on successful write access: snmp_set_write_callback().
Additionally you may want to set - snmp_mib2_set_sysdescr() -
snmp_set_device_enterprise_oid() - snmp_mib2_set_sysname() Also before starting
the agent you need to setup one or more trap destinations using these calls: -
snmp_trap_dst_enable() - snmp_trap_dst_ip_set() If you need more than MIB2, set
the MIBs you want to use by snmp_set_mibs(). Finally, enable the agent by
calling snmp_init() @defgroup snmp_core Core @ingroup snmp @defgroup snmp_traps
Traps @ingroup snmp /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/snmp/snmp_core.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNTP client module / Copyright (c) 2007-2009 Frédéric Bernon, Simon
Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Frédéric Bernon, Simon Goldschmidt / @defgroup sntp SNTP
@ingroup apps This is simple "SNTP" client for the lwIP raw API. It is a minimal
implementation of SNTPv4 as specified in RFC 4330. For a list of some public NTP
servers, see this link: http://support.ntp.org/bin/view/Servers/NTPPoolServers
@todo: - complete SNTP_CHECK_RESPONSE checks 3 and 4 /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/apps/sntp/sntp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [EPL-1.0] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file @defgroup altcp Application layered TCP Functions @ingroup altcp_api This
file contains the common functions for altcp to work. For more details see @ref
altcp_api. / @defgroup altcp_api Application layered TCP Introduction @ingroup
callbackstyle_api Overview altcp (application layered TCP connection API; to be
used from TCPIP thread) is an abstraction layer that prevents applications
linking hard against the @ref tcp.h functions while providing the same
functionality. It is used to e.g. add SSL/TLS (see LWIP_ALTCP_TLS) or proxy-
connect support to an application written for the tcp callback API without that
application knowing the protocol details. This interface mimics the tcp callback
API to the application while preventing direct linking (much like virtual
functions). This way, an application can make use of other application layer
protocols on top of TCP without knowing the details (e.g. TLS, proxy
connection). This is achieved by simply including "lwip/altcp.h" instead of
"lwip/tcp.h", replacing "struct tcp_pcb" with "struct altcp_pcb" and prefixing
all functions with "altcp_" instead of "tcp_". With altcp support disabled
(LWIP_ALTCP0), applications written against the altcp API can still be compiled
but are directly linked against the tcp.h callback API and then cannot use
layered protocols. To minimize code changes in this case, the use of
altcp_allocators is strongly suggested. Usage To make use of this API from an
existing tcp raw API application: Include "lwip/altcp.h" instead of "lwip/tcp.h"
Replace "struct tcp_pcb" with "struct altcp_pcb" Prefix all called tcp API
functions with "altcp_" instead of "tcp_" to link against the altcp functions
@ref altcp_new (and @ref altcp_new_ip_type/@ref altcp_new_ip6) take an @ref
altcp_allocator_t as an argument, whereas the original tcp API functions take no
arguments. An @ref altcp_allocator_t allocator is an object that holds a pointer
to an allocator object and a corresponding state (e.g. for TLS, the
corresponding state may hold certificates or keys). This way, the application
does not even need to know if it uses TLS or pure TCP, this is handled at
runtime by passing a specific allocator. An application can alternatively bind
hard to the altcp_tls API by calling @ref altcp_tls_new or @ref altcp_tls_wrap.
The TLS layer is not directly implemented by lwIP, but a port to mbedTLS is
provided. Another altcp layer is proxy-connect to use TLS behind a HTTP proxy
(see @ref altcp_proxyconnect.h) altcp_allocator_t An altcp allocator is created
by the application by combining an allocator callback function and a
corresponding state, e.g.:\code{.c} static const unsigned char cert[] {0x2D, ...
(see mbedTLS doc for how to create this)}; struct altcp_tls_config conf
altcp_tls_create_config_client(cert, sizeof(cert)); altcp_allocator_t
tls_allocator { altcp_tls_alloc, conf }; \endcode struct altcp_tls_config The
struct altcp_tls_config holds state that is needed to create new TLS client or
server connections (e.g. certificates and private keys). It is not defined by
lwIP itself but by the TLS port (e.g. altcp_tls to mbedTLS adaption). However,
the parameters used to create it are defined in @ref altcp_tls.h (see @ref
altcp_tls_create_config_server_privkey_cert for servers and @ref
altcp_tls_create_config_client/@ref altcp_tls_create_config_client_2wayauth for
clients). For mbedTLS, ensure that certificates can be parsed by
'mbedtls_x509_crt_parse()' and private keys can be parsed by
'mbedtls_pk_parse_key()'. / Copyright (c) 2017 Simon Goldschmidt All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon
Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/altcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n
This interface mimics the tcp callback API to the application while preventing
direct linking (much like virtual functions). This way, an application can make
use of other application layer protocols on top of TCP without knowing the
details (e.g. TLS, proxy connection). This file contains allocation
implementation that combine several layers. / Copyright (c) 2017 Simon
Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/altcp_alloc.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n
This interface mimics the tcp callback API to the application while preventing
direct linking (much like virtual functions). This way, an application can make
use of other application layer protocols on top of TCP without knowing the
details (e.g. TLS, proxy connection). This file contains the base implementation
calling into tcp. / Copyright (c) 2017 Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt
<goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/altcp_tcp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/altcp_tcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DNS - host name to IP address resolver. @defgroup dns DNS @ingroup
callbackstyle_api Implements a DNS host name to IP address resolver. The lwIP
DNS resolver functions are used to lookup a host name and map it to a numerical
IP address. It maintains a list of resolved hostnames that can be queried with
the dns_lookup() function. New hostnames can be resolved using the dns_query()
function. The lwIP version of the resolver also adds a non-blocking version of
gethostbyname() that will work with a raw API application. This function checks
for an IP address string first and converts it if it is valid. gethostbyname()
then does a dns_lookup() to see if the name is already in the table. If so, the
IP is returned. If not, a query is issued and the function returns with a
ERR_INPROGRESS status. The app using the dns client must then go into a waiting
state. Once a hostname has been resolved (or found to be non-existent), the
resolver code calls a specified callback function (which must be implemented by
the module that uses the resolver). Multicast DNS queries are supported for
names ending on ".local". However, only "One-Shot Multicast DNS Queries" are
supported (RFC 6762 chapter 5.1), this is not a fully compliant implementation
of continuous mDNS querying! All functions must be called from TCPIP thread.
@see DNS_MAX_SERVERS @see LWIP_DHCP_MAX_DNS_SERVERS @see @ref netconn_common for
thread-safe access. / Port to lwIP from uIP by Jim Pettinato April 2007 security
fixes and more by Simon Goldschmidt uIP version Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam
Dunkels. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / RFC 1035 - Domain names -
implementation and specification RFC 2181 - Clarifications to the DNS
Specification
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
@todo: define good default values (rfc compliance) / @todo: improve answer
parsing, more checkings... / @todo: check RFC1035 - 7.3. Processing responses /
@todo: one-shot mDNS: dual-stack fallback to another IP version / Includes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/dns.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Internet checksum functions.\n These are some reference implementations of
the checksum algorithm, with the aim of being simple, correct and fully
portable. Checksumming is the first thing you would want to optimize for your
platform. If you create your own version, link it in and in your cc.h put:
\define LWIP_CHKSUM your_checksum_routine Or you can select from the
implementations below by defining LWIP_CHKSUM_ALGORITHM to 1, 2 or 3. /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/inet_chksum.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Packet buffer management / @defgroup pbuf Packet buffers (PBUF) @ingroup
infrastructure Packets are built from the pbuf data structure. It supports
dynamic memory allocation for packet contents or can reference externally
managed packet contents both in RAM and ROM. Quick allocation for incoming
packets is provided through pools with fixed sized pbufs. A packet may span over
multiple pbufs, chained as a singly linked list. This is called a "pbuf chain".
Multiple packets may be queued, also using this singly linked list. This is
called a "packet queue". So, a packet queue consists of one or more pbuf chains,
each of which consist of one or more pbufs. CURRENTLY, PACKET QUEUES ARE NOT
SUPPORTED!!! Use helper structs to queue multiple packets. The differences
between a pbuf chain and a packet queue are very precise but subtle. The last
pbuf of a packet has a ->tot_len field that equals the ->len field. It can be
found by traversing the list. If the last pbuf of a packet has a ->next field
other than NULL, more packets are on the queue. Therefore, looping through a
pbuf of a single packet, has an loop end condition (tot_len p->len), NOT (next
NULL). Example of custom pbuf usage: @ref zerocopyrx / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/pbuf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Implementation of raw protocol PCBs for low-level handling of different
types of protocols besides (or overriding) those already available in lwIP.\n
See also @ref raw_raw @defgroup raw_raw RAW @ingroup callbackstyle_api
Implementation of raw protocol PCBs for low-level handling of different types of
protocols besides (or overriding) those already available in lwIP.\n @see @ref
api / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/raw.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP Operating System abstraction / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / @defgroup
sys_layer Porting (system abstraction layer) @ingroup lwip @defgroup sys_os OS
abstraction layer @ingroup sys_layer No need to implement functions in this
section in NO_SYS mode. The OS-specific code should be implemented in
arch/sys_arch.h and sys_arch.c of your port. The operating system emulation
layer provides a common interface between the lwIP code and the underlying
operating system kernel. The general idea is that porting lwIP to new
architectures requires only small changes to a few header files and a new
sys_arch implementation. It is also possible to do a sys_arch implementation
that does not rely on any underlying operating system. The sys_arch provides
semaphores, mailboxes and mutexes to lwIP. For the full lwIP functionality,
multiple threads support can be implemented in the sys_arch, but this is not
required for the basic lwIP functionality. Timer scheduling is implemented in
lwIP, but can be implemented by the sys_arch port (LWIP_TIMERS_CUSTOM1). In
addition to the source file providing the functionality of sys_arch, the OS
emulation layer must provide several header files defining macros used
throughout lwip. The files required and the macros they must define are listed
below the sys_arch description. Since lwIP 1.4.0, semaphore, mutexes and mailbox
functions are prototyped in a way that allows both using pointers or actual OS
structures to be used. This way, memory required for such types can be either
allocated in place (globally or on the stack) or on the heap (allocated
internally in the "_new()" functions). Note: Be careful with using mem_malloc()
in sys_arch. When malloc() refers to mem_malloc() you can run into a circular
function call problem. In mem.c mem_init() tries to allocate a semaphore using
mem_malloc, which of course can't be performed when sys_arch uses mem_malloc.
@defgroup sys_sem Semaphores @ingroup sys_os Semaphores can be either counting
or binary - lwIP works with both kinds. Semaphores are represented by the type
"sys_sem_t" which is typedef'd in the sys_arch.h file. Mailboxes are
equivalently represented by the type "sys_mbox_t". Mutexes are represented by
the type "sys_mutex_t". lwIP does not place any restrictions on how these types
are represented internally. @defgroup sys_mutex Mutexes @ingroup sys_os Mutexes
are recommended to correctly handle priority inversion, especially if you use
LWIP_CORE_LOCKING . @defgroup sys_mbox Mailboxes @ingroup sys_os Mailboxes
should be implemented as a queue which allows multiple messages to be posted
(implementing as a rendez-vous point where only one message can be posted at a
time can have a highly negative impact on performance). A message in a mailbox
is just a pointer, nothing more. @defgroup sys_time Time @ingroup sys_layer
@defgroup sys_prot Critical sections @ingroup sys_layer Used to protect short
regions of code against concurrent access. - Your system is a bare-metal system
(probably with an RTOS) and interrupts are under your control: Implement this as
LockInterrupts() / UnlockInterrupts() - Your system uses an RTOS with deferred
interrupt handling from a worker thread: Implement as a global mutex or
lock/unlock scheduler - Your system uses a high-level OS with e.g. POSIX
signals: Implement as a global mutex @defgroup sys_misc Misc @ingroup sys_os /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Transmission Control Protocol for IP See also @ref tcp_raw @defgroup
tcp_raw TCP @ingroup callbackstyle_api Transmission Control Protocol for IP\n
@see @ref api Common functions for the TCP implementation, such as functions for
manipulating the data structures and the TCP timer functions. TCP functions
related to input and output is found in tcp_in.c and tcp_out.c respectively.\n
TCP connection setup The functions used for setting up connections is similar to
that of the sequential API and of the BSD socket API. A new TCP connection
identifier (i.e., a protocol control block - PCB) is created with the tcp_new()
function. This PCB can then be either set to listen for new incoming connections
or be explicitly connected to another host. - tcp_new() - tcp_bind() -
tcp_listen() and tcp_listen_with_backlog() - tcp_accept() - tcp_connect()
Sending TCP data TCP data is sent by enqueueing the data with a call to
tcp_write() and triggering to send by calling tcp_output(). When the data is
successfully transmitted to the remote host, the application will be notified
with a call to a specified callback function. - tcp_write() - tcp_output() -
tcp_sent() Receiving TCP data TCP data reception is callback based - an
application specified callback function is called when new data arrives. When
the application has taken the data, it has to call the tcp_recved() function to
indicate that TCP can advertise increase the receive window. - tcp_recv() -
tcp_recved() Application polling When a connection is idle (i.e., no data is
either transmitted or received), lwIP will repeatedly poll the application by
calling a specified callback function. This can be used either as a watchdog
timer for killing connections that have stayed idle for too long, or as a method
of waiting for memory to become available. For instance, if a call to
tcp_write() has failed because memory wasn't available, the application may use
the polling functionality to call tcp_write() again when the connection has been
idle for a while. - tcp_poll() Closing and aborting connections - tcp_close() -
tcp_abort() - tcp_err() / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/tcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Transmission Control Protocol, outgoing traffic The output functions of
TCP. There are two distinct ways for TCP segments to get sent: - queued data:
these are segments transferring data or segments containing SYN or FIN (which
both count as one sequence number). They are created as struct @ref pbuf
together with a struct tcp_seg and enqueue to the unsent list of the pcb. They
are sent by tcp_output: - @ref tcp_write : creates data segments - @ref
tcp_split_unsent_seg : splits a data segment - @ref tcp_enqueue_flags : creates
SYN-only or FIN-only segments - @ref tcp_output / tcp_output_segment : finalize
the tcp header (e.g. sequence numbers, options, checksum) and output to IP - the
various tcp_rexmit functions shuffle around segments between the unsent an
unacked lists to retransmit them - tcp_create_segment and tcp_pbuf_prealloc
allocate pbuf and segment for these functions - direct send: these segments
don't contain data but control the connection behaviour. They are created as
pbuf only and sent directly without enqueueing them: - @ref tcp_send_empty_ack
sends an ACK-only segment - @ref tcp_rst sends a RST segment - @ref
tcp_keepalive sends a keepalive segment - @ref tcp_zero_window_probe sends a
window probe segment - tcp_output_alloc_header allocates a header-only pbuf for
these functions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/tcp_out.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file User Datagram Protocol module\n The code for the User Datagram Protocol
UDP & UDPLite (RFC 3828).\n See also @ref udp_raw @defgroup udp_raw UDP @ingroup
callbackstyle_api User Datagram Protocol module\n @see @ref api / Copyright (c)
2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/ @todo Check the use of '(struct udp_pcb).chksum_len_rx'! /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/udp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol client @defgroup dhcp4 DHCPv4 @ingroup
ip4 DHCP (IPv4) related functions This is a DHCP client for the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. It aims to conform with RFC 2131 and RFC 2132. @todo: - Support for
interfaces other than Ethernet (SLIP, PPP, ...) Options: @ref
DHCP_COARSE_TIMER_SECS (recommended 60 which is a minute) @ref
DHCP_FINE_TIMER_MSECS (recommended 500 which equals TCP coarse timer)
dhcp_start() starts a DHCP client instance which configures the interface by
obtaining an IP address lease and maintaining it. Use dhcp_release() to end the
lease and use dhcp_stop() to remove the DHCP client. @see
LWIP_HOOK_DHCP_APPEND_OPTIONS @see LWIP_HOOK_DHCP_PARSE_OPTION @see
netifapi_dhcp4 / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg
<leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The
Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. The Swedish Institute of Computer Science and Adam Dunkels are
specifically granted permission to redistribute this source code. Author: Leon
Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv4/dhcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file @defgroup dhcp6 DHCPv6 @ingroup ip6 DHCPv6 client: IPv6 address
autoconfiguration as per RFC 3315 (stateful DHCPv6) and RFC 3736 (stateless
DHCPv6). For now, only stateless DHCPv6 is implemented! TODO: - enable/disable
API to not always start when RA is received - stateful DHCPv6 (for now, only
stateless DHCPv6 for DNS and NTP servers works) - create Client Identifier? -
only start requests if a valid local address is available on the netif - only
start information requests if required (not for every RA)
dhcp6_enable_stateful() enables stateful DHCPv6 for a netif (stateless
disabled)\n dhcp6_enable_stateless() enables stateless DHCPv6 for a netif
(stateful disabled)\n dhcp6_disable() disable DHCPv6 for a netif When enabled,
requests are only issued after receipt of RA with the corresponding bits set. /
Copyright (c) 2018 Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv6/dhcp6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Multicast listener discovery @defgroup mld6 MLD6 @ingroup ip6 Multicast
listener discovery for IPv6. Aims to be compliant with RFC 2710. No support for
MLDv2.\n Note: The allnodes (ff01::1, ff02::1) group is assumed be received by
your netif since it must always be received for correct IPv6 operation (e.g.
SLAAC). Ensure the netif filters are configured accordingly!\n The netif flags
also need NETIF_FLAG_MLD6 flag set to enable MLD6 on a netif ("netif->flags |
NETIF_FLAG_MLD6;").\n To be called from TCPIP thread. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico
Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> / Based on igmp.c
implementation of igmp v2 protocol /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/core/ipv6/mld6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file is a posix wrapper for lwip/if_api.h. / Copyright (c) 2017 Joel
Cunningham, Garmin International, Inc. <joel.cunningham@garmin.com> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/compat/posix/net/if.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file is a posix/stdc wrapper for lwip/errno.h. / Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/compat/stdc/errno.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n
This file contains the generic API. For more details see @ref altcp_api. /
Copyright (c) 2017 Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/altcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP/TLS connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread)
@defgroup altcp_tls TLS layer @ingroup altcp This file contains function
prototypes for a TLS layer. A port to ARM mbedtls is provided in the apps/ tree
(LWIP_ALTCP_TLS_MBEDTLS option). / Copyright (c) 2017 Simon Goldschmidt All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/altcp_tls.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file various utility macros / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / @defgroup perf Performance
measurement @ingroup sys_layer All defines related to this section must not be
placed in lwipopts.h, but in arch/perf.h! Measurement calls made throughout
lwip, these can be defined to nothing. - PERF_START: start measuring something.
- PERF_STOP(x): stop measuring something, and record the result. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/def.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DHCPv6 client: IPv6 address autoconfiguration as per RFC 3315 (stateful
DHCPv6) and RFC 3736 (stateless DHCPv6). / Copyright (c) 2018 Simon Goldschmidt
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/dhcp6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Interface Identification APIs from: RFC 3493: Basic Socket Interface
Extensions for IPv6 Section 4: Interface Identification / Copyright (c) 2017
Joel Cunningham, Garmin International, Inc. <joel.cunningham@garmin.com> All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Joel Cunningham <joel.cunningham@me.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/if_api.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 address scopes, zones, and scoping policy. This header provides the
means to implement support for IPv6 address scopes, as per RFC 4007. An address
scope can be either global or more constrained. In lwIP, we say that an address
"has a scope" or "is scoped" when its scope is constrained, in which case the
address is meaningful only in a specific "zone." For unicast addresses, only
link-local addresses have a scope; in that case, the scope is the link. For
multicast addresses, there are various scopes defined by RFC 4007 and others.
For any constrained scope, a system must establish a (potentially one-to-many)
mapping between zones and local interfaces. For example, a link-local address is
valid on only one link (its zone). That link may be attached to one or more
local interfaces. The decisions on which scopes are constrained and the mapping
between zones and interfaces is together what we refer to as the "scoping
policy" - more on this in a bit. In lwIP, each IPv6 address has an associated
zone index. This zone index may be set to "no zone" (IP6_NO_ZONE, 0) or an
actual zone. We say that an address "has a zone" or "is zoned" when its zone
index is not set to "no zone." In lwIP, in principle, each address should be
"properly zoned," which means that if the address has a zone if and only if has
a scope. As such, it is a rule that an unscoped (e.g., global) address must
never have a zone. Even though one could argue that there is always one zone
even for global scopes, this rule exists for implementation simplicity.
Violation of the rule will trigger assertions or otherwise result in undesired
behavior. Backward compatibility prevents us from requiring that applications
always provide properly zoned addresses. We do enforce the rule that the in the
lwIP link layer (everything below netif->output_ip6() and in particular ND6) all
addresses are properly zoned. Thus, on the output paths down the stack, various
places deal with the case of addresses that lack a zone. Some of them are best-
effort for efficiency (e.g. the PCB bind and connect API calls' attempts to add
missing zones); ultimately the IPv6 output handler (@ref ip6_output_if_src) will
set a zone if necessary. Aside from dealing with scoped addresses lacking a
zone, a proper IPv6 implementation must also ensure that a packet with a scoped
source and/or destination address does not leave its zone. This is currently
implemented in the input and forward functions. However, for output, these
checks are deliberately omitted in order to keep the implementation lightweight.
The routing algorithm in @ref ip6_route will take decisions such that it will
not cause zone violations unless the application sets bad addresses, though. In
terms of scoping policy, lwIP implements the default policy from RFC 4007 using
macros in this file. This policy considers link-local unicast addresses and
(only) interface-local and link-local multicast addresses as having a scope. For
all these addresses, the zone is equal to the interface. As shown below in this
file, it is possible to implement a custom policy. / Copyright (c) 2017 The
MINIX 3 Project. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: David van Moolenbroek <david@minix3.org> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/ip6_zone.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Base TCP API definitions shared by TCP and ALTCP\n See also @ref tcp_raw /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/tcpbase.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP/TLS connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread)
This file contains options for an mbedtls port of the TLS layer. / Copyright (c)
2017 Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/altcp_tls_mbedtls_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file HTTP client / Copyright (c) 2018 Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/http_client.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MQTT client (private interface) / Copyright (c) 2016 Erik Andersson All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Erik Andersson /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/apps/mqtt_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Application layered TCP connection API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n
This interface mimics the tcp callback API to the application while preventing
direct linking (much like virtual functions). This way, an application can make
use of other application layer protocols on top of TCP without knowing the
details (e.g. TLS, proxy connection). / Copyright (c) 2017 Simon Goldschmidt All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/priv/altcp_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP internal memory implementations (do not use in application code) /
Copyright (c) 2018 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt
<goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/priv/mem_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file raw API internal implementations (do not use in application code) /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/priv/raw_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sockets API internal implementations (do not use in application code) /
Copyright (c) 2017 Joel Cunningham, Garmin International, Inc.
<joel.cunningham@garmin.com> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Joel Cunningham <joel.cunningham@me.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/priv/sockets_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DHCPv6 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2017 Simon Goldschmidt
<goldsimon@gmx.de> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/dhcp6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IANA assigned numbers (RFC 1700 and successors) @defgroup iana IANA
assigned numbers @ingroup infrastructure / Copyright (c) 2017 Dirk Ziegelmeier.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/iana.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IEEE assigned numbers @defgroup ieee IEEE assigned numbers @ingroup
infrastructure / Copyright (c) 2017 Dirk Ziegelmeier. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/lwip/prot/ieee.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP netif implementing an IEEE 802.1D MAC Bridge / Copyright (c) 2017
Simon Goldschmidt. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/bridgeif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/bridgeif_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Definitions for IEEE 802.15.4 MAC frames / Copyright (c) 2018 Simon
Goldschmidt. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/ieee802154.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file 6LowPAN over BLE for IPv6 (RFC7668). / Copyright (c) 2017 Benjamin Aigner
Copyright (c) 2015 Inico Technologies Ltd. , Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Benjamin Aigner <aignerb
@technikum-wien.at> Based on the original 6lowpan implementation of lwIP ( @see
6lowpan.c) /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/lowpan6_ble.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Common 6LowPAN routines for IPv6. Uses ND tables for link-layer
addressing. Fragments packets to 6LowPAN units. / Copyright (c) 2015 Inico
Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/lowpan6_common.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file A netif implementing the ZigBee Eencapsulation Protocol (ZEP). This is
used to tunnel 6LowPAN over UDP. / Copyright (c) 2018 Simon Goldschmidt All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/include/netif/zepif.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP netif implementing an IEEE 802.1D MAC Bridge / Copyright (c) 2017
Simon Goldschmidt. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> / @defgroup bridgeif IEEE
802.1D bridge @ingroup netifs This file implements an IEEE 802.1D bridge by
using a multilayer netif approach (one hardware-independent netif for the bridge
that uses hardware netifs for its ports). On transmit, the bridge selects the
outgoing port(s). On receive, the port netif calls into the bridge (via its
netif->input function) and the bridge selects the port(s) (and/or its
netif->input function) to pass the received pbuf to. Usage: - add the port
netifs just like you would when using them as dedicated netif without a bridge -
only NETIF_FLAG_ETHARP/NETIF_FLAG_ETHERNET netifs are supported as bridge ports
- add the bridge port netifs without IPv4 addresses (i.e. pass 'NULL, NULL,
NULL') - don't add IPv6 addresses to the port netifs! - set up the bridge
configuration in a global variable of type 'bridgeif_initdata_t' that contains -
the MAC address of the bridge - some configuration options controlling the
memory consumption (maximum number of ports and FDB entries) - e.g. for a bridge
MAC address 00-01-02-03-04-05, 2 bridge ports, 1024 FDB entries + 16 static MAC
entries: bridgeif_initdata_t mybridge_initdata BRIDGEIF_INITDATA1(2, 1024, 16,
ETH_ADDR(0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5)); - add the bridge netif (with IPv4 config): struct
netif bridge_netif; netif_add(&bridge_netif, &my_ip, &my_netmask, &my_gw,
&mybridge_initdata, bridgeif_init, tcpip_input); NOTE: the passed 'input'
function depends on BRIDGEIF_PORT_NETIFS_OUTPUT_DIRECT setting, which controls
where the forwarding is done (netif low level input context vs. tcpip_thread) -
set up all ports netifs and the bridge netif - When adding a port netif,
NETIF_FLAG_ETHARP flag will be removed from a port to prevent ETHARP working on
that port netif (we only want one IP per bridge not per port). - When adding a
port netif, its input function is changed to call into the bridge. @todo: -
compact static FDB entries (instead of walking the whole array) - add FDB
query/read access - add FDB change callback (when learning or dropping auto-
learned entries) - prefill FDB with MAC classes that should never be forwarded -
multicast snooping? (and only forward group addresses to interested ports) -
support removing ports - check SNMP integration - VLAN handling / trunk ports -
priority handling? (although that largely depends on TX queue limitations and
lwIP doesn't provide tx-done handling) /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/bridgeif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP netif implementing an FDB for IEEE 802.1D MAC Bridge / Copyright (c)
2017 Simon Goldschmidt. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> / @defgroup bridgeif_fdb FDB
example code @ingroup bridgeif This file implements an example for an FDB
(Forwarding DataBase) /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/bridgeif_fdb.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file 6LowPAN output for IPv6. Uses ND tables for link-layer addressing.
Fragments packets to 6LowPAN units. This implementation aims to conform to IEEE
802.15.4(-2015), RFC 4944 and RFC 6282. @todo: RFC 6775. / Copyright (c) 2015
Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> / @defgroup sixlowpan
6LoWPAN (RFC4944) @ingroup netifs 6LowPAN netif implementation /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/lowpan6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file 6LowPAN over BLE output for IPv6 (RFC7668). Copyright (c) 2017 Benjamin
Aigner Copyright (c) 2015 Inico Technologies Ltd. , Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Benjamin Aigner <aignerb
@technikum-wien.at> Based on the original 6lowpan implementation of lwIP ( @see
6lowpan.c) / @defgroup rfc7668if 6LoWPAN over BLE (RFC7668) @ingroup netifs This
file implements a RFC7668 implementation for 6LoWPAN over Bluetooth Low Energy.
The specification is very similar to 6LoWPAN, so most of the code is re-used.
Compared to 6LoWPAN, much functionality is already implemented in lower BLE
layers (fragmenting, session management,...). Usage: - add this netif - don't
add IPv4 addresses (no IPv4 support in RFC7668), pass 'NULL','NULL','NULL' - use
the BLE to EUI64 conversation util to create an IPv6 link-local address from the
BLE MAC (@ref ble_addr_to_eui64) - input function: @ref rfc7668_input - set the
link output function, which transmits output data to an established L2CAP
channel - If data arrives (HCI event "L2CAP_DATA_PACKET"): - allocate a @ref
PBUF_RAW buffer - let the pbuf struct point to the incoming data or copy it to
the buffer - call netif->input @todo: - further testing - support compression
contexts - support multiple addresses - support multicast - support neighbor
discovery /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/lowpan6_ble.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Common 6LowPAN routines for IPv6. Uses ND tables for link-layer
addressing. Fragments packets to 6LowPAN units. This implementation aims to
conform to IEEE 802.15.4(-2015), RFC 4944 and RFC 6282. @todo: RFC 6775. /
Copyright (c) 2015 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please
coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /
@defgroup sixlowpan 6LoWPAN (RFC4944) @ingroup netifs 6LowPAN netif
implementation /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/lowpan6_common.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SLIP Interface / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the
Institute nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is built
upon the file: src/arch/rtxc/netif/sioslip.c Author: Magnus Ivarsson
<magnus.ivarsson(at)volvo.com> Simon Goldschmidt / @defgroup slipif SLIP
@ingroup netifs This is an arch independent SLIP netif. The specific serial
hooks must be provided by another file. They are sio_open, sio_read/sio_tryread
and sio_send Usage: This netif can be used in three ways:\n 1) For NO_SYS0, an
RX thread can be used which blocks on sio_read() until data is received.\n 2) In
your main loop, call slipif_poll() to check for new RX bytes, completed packets
are fed into netif->input().\n 3) Call slipif_received_byte[s]() from your
serial RX ISR and slipif_process_rxqueue() from your main loop. ISR level
decodes packets and puts completed packets on a queue which is fed into the
stack from the main loop (needs SYS_LIGHTWEIGHT_PROT for pbuf_alloc to work on
ISR level!). /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/slipif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file @defgroup zepif ZEP - ZigBee Encapsulation Protocol @ingroup netifs A
netif implementing the ZigBee Encapsulation Protocol (ZEP). This is used to
tunnel 6LowPAN over UDP. Usage (there must be a default netif before!):
@code{.c} netif_add(&zep_netif, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, zepif_init,
tcpip_6lowpan_input); netif_create_ip6_linklocal_address(&zep_netif, 1);
netif_set_up(&zep_netif); netif_set_link_up(&zep_netif); @endcode / Copyright
(c) 2018 Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt <goldsimon@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/zepif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ppp.c - Network Point to Point Protocol program file. Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. portions Copyright (c) 1997 by
Global Election Systems Inc. The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy,
modify, distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any
purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and
that this notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any
distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any
of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 03-01-01 Marc
Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to lwIP. 97-11-05 Guy Lancaster
<lancasterg@acm.org>, Global Election Systems Inc. Original. ppp_defs.h - PPP
definitions. if_pppvar.h - private structures and declarations for PPP.
Copyright (c) 1994 The Australian National University. All rights reserved.
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
appears in all copies. This software is provided without any warranty, express
or implied. The Australian National University makes no representations about
the suitability of this software for any purpose. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAVE
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL
UNIVERSITY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUSTRALIAN
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES,
ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS. / if_ppp.h - Point-to-Point Protocol
definitions. Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted provided that
the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in all such forms
and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other materials related
to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed by
Carnegie Mellon University. The name of the University may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. / @defgroup ppp PPP
@ingroup netifs @verbinclude "ppp.txt" /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip211/src/lwip-2.1.1/src/netif/ppp/ppp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xaieio.c @{ This file contains the low level layer IO interface
<pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ------ -------- 1.0 Hyun
07/12/2018 Initial creation 1.1 Hyun 10/11/2018 Initialize the IO device for mem
instance 1.2 Nishad 12/05/2018 Renamed ME attributes to AIE </pre> Include Files
/

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/lib/ext/xaieio.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xaieio.h @{ This file contains the generic definitions for the
AIE simulator interface. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
------ -------- 1.0 Hyun 07/12/2018 Initial creation 1.1 Nishad 12/05/2018
Renamed ME attributes to AIE </pre>

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/lib/ext/xaieio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xaietile_proc.c @{ This file contains the API for AIE tile
processor. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ------
-------- 1.0 Hyun 08/17/2018 Initial creation 1.1 Hyun 10/15/2018 Don't start
the remoteproc in elfloading to allow multiple elfloading. 1.2 Nishad 12/05/2018
Renamed ME attributes to AIE </pre> Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/lib/ext/xaietile_proc.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xaietile_proc.h @{ This file contains the variable and function
prototypes for ELF loading. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes
----- ------ -------- 1.0 Hyun 08/17/2018 Initial creation 1.1 Nishad 12/05/2018
Renamed ME attributes to AIE </pre>

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/aiengine/src/lib/ext/xaietile_proc.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/clockps/data/clockps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_log.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/src/xv_hdmitxss_log.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"),to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/data/dp12rxss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/data/dp12rxss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/data/dp12txss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/data/dp12txss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/data/xi2srx_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/data/xspdif_header.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

eeprom.c Created on: May 5, 2015 Author: yashova / All rights reserved.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE XILINX CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall not
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/examples/src/key/eeprom.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/examples/src/key/eeprom.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

CAUTION: This file is automatically generated by HSI. Version: DO NOT EDIT. All
Rights Reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cframe/src/xcframe_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfupmc/src/xcfupmc_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12rxss/src/xdprxss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp12txss/src/xdptxss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/src/xi2srx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/src/xi2stx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/pciepsu/src/xpciepsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spdif/src/xspdif_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/uartpsv/src/xuartpsv_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_multi_scaler/src/xv_multi_scaler_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_scenechange/src/xv_scenechange_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/xdmapcie/src/xdmapcie_g.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc702/bspconfig.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc706/bspconfig.h
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zed/bspconfig.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102-es2/bspconfig32.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102/bspconfig32.h
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_pmufw/misc/xwdtps_g.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [MPL-2.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

$Id: bigdigits.c $ / BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK This Source Code Form is subject to the
terms of the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not
distributed with this file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
Copyright (c) 2001-15 David Ireland, D.I. Management Services Pty Limited
<http://www.di-mgt.com.au/bigdigits.html>. All rights reserved. END LICENSE
BLOCK / Last updated: $Date: 2015-10-22 10:23:00 $ $Revision: 2.5.0 $ $Author:
dai $ / Core code for BigDigits library "mp" functions /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_common/src/bigdigits.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/bigdigits.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/bigdigits.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [MPL-2.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

$Id: bigdigits.h $ / @file Interface to core BigDigits "mp" functions using
fixed-length arrays BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK This Source Code Form is subject to the
terms of the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not
distributed with this file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
Copyright (c) 2001-15 David Ireland, D.I. Management Services Pty Limited
<http://www.di-mgt.com.au/bigdigits.html>. All rights reserved. END LICENSE
BLOCK / Last updated: $Date: 2015-10-22 10:23:00 $ $Revision: 2.5.0 $ $Author:
dai $ /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_common/src/bigdigits.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/bigdigits.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/bigdigits.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [MPL-2.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

$Id: bigdtypes.h $ / BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK This Source Code Form is subject to the
terms of the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not
distributed with this file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
Copyright (c) 2001-15 David Ireland, D.I. Management Services Pty Limited
<http://www.di-mgt.com.au/bigdigits.html>. All rights reserved. END LICENSE
BLOCK / Last updated: $Date: 2015-10-22 10:23:00 $ $Revision: 2.5.0 $ $Author:
dai $ /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_common/src/bigdtypes.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/bigdtypes.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/bigdtypes.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ti_lmk03318.c @addtogroup TI_LMK03318 @{ <pre> Copyright (c) 2016 Adeas
B.V. All rights reserved. MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
------ -------- X.XX XX YY/MM/DD 1.00 RHe 16/06/20 Initial release. </pre>

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/ti_lmk03318.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/ti_lmk03318.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ti_lmk03318.h @addtogroup TI_LMK03318 @{ <pre> Copyright (c) 2016 Adeas
B.V. All rights reserved. MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
------ -------- X.XX XX YY/MM/DD 1.00 RHe 16/06/20 Initial release. </pre>

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/ti_lmk03318.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/ti_lmk03318.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file videofmc_defs.h @addtogroup VideoFMC @{ <pre> Copyright (c) 2016 Adeas
B.V. All rights reserved. MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
------ -------- X.XX XX YY/MM/DD 1.00 RHe 16/06/20 Initial release. </pre>

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/examples/src/dats_dp14/videofmc_defs.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/examples/src/dats_dp14/videofmc_defs.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

CAUTION: This file is automatically generated by HSI. Version: 2019.1.0 DO NOT
EDIT. All Rights Reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14rxss/src/xdprxss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/dp14txss/src/xdptxss_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_cipher_dp/src/xhdcp22_cipher_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_rx_dp/src/xhdcp22_rx_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/hdcp22_tx_dp/src/xhdcp22_tx_g.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"),to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice,the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/audio_formatter/examples/xaudioformatter_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2srx/examples/xi2srx_intr_example.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, andor sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above
copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/data/i2stx.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/i2stx/data/i2stx.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/data/sdiaud.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/data/v_hdmirxss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/data/v_hdmirxss.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/data/v_hdmitxss.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/data/v_hdmitxss.tcl
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_cp9.c This file contains the USB Chapter 9 related
functions. @note None. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
---- 1.00a hvm 2/22/07 First release 1.01a hvm 5/30/07 Moved the USB class
specific command processing to application files. 3.00a hvm 11/18/09 Updated to
use HAL processor APIs. XUsb_mReadReg is renamed to XUsb_ReadReg and
XUsb_mWriteReg is renamed to XUsb_WriteReg. 3.02a hvm 08/16/10 Updated with the
little endian support changes. 4.00a hvm 12/20/10 Updated SetInterface function
with microphone case support. </pre> / Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_cp9.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_cp9.h This file contains the constants, typedefs,
variables and functions prototypes related to the USB chapter 9 related code.
@note None. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- 1.00a
hvm 2/22/07 First release 1.01a hvm 5/30/07 Moved the USB class specific command
processing to application files. 4.02a bss 4/5/12 Made changes so that the flag
__LITTLE_ENDIAN__ gets defined when compiled with ARM CodeSourcery toolchain.
</pre> /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_cp9.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_dma_intr_storage.c This file has the USB example Mass
storage device application function with SCSI command processing and related
response preparation being implemented as a part of the interrupt handler. @note
The example is tested on MicroBlaze system on SP605 board, with caches included
in the H/W design. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ----
1.00a hvm 2/22/07 First release. 4.00a hvm 06/01/11 Signature parameter of
Command Status word is initialized with 'U''S''B''S' in ProcessRxCmd function.
CR611761 fix. 4.01a bss 11/01/11 Modified UsbIfIntrHandler function to
unconditionally reset when USB reset is asserted (CR 627574). 4.03a bss 02/05/13
Updated the example to support Zynq </pre> / Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_dma_intr_storage.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_keyboard.c This file contains an example for USB keyboard.
@note - The example is tested on ML403 and ML507 evaluation boards. The push
buttons SW3,SW4,SW5 and SW7 on the ML403 evaluation board are used in the
example for the key action of the USB keyboard.The push buttons SW10, SW11,
SW12, SW13 and SW14 are used on the ML507 board. The example sends a character
from a fixed sequence of characters from the device as and when any of the SW3
or SW4 or SW5 and SW7 push button is pressed. The fixed sequence of characters
is XILINX USB KEYBOARD DEMO. The SW6 push button switch is used to complete the
test. SW14 is used on ML507 board to complete the test. - The GPIO device has to
be added to the hardware design so that the push buttons on the evaluation board
could be used. If we enable the debug statements in the xusb_cp9.c file, we must
add the UARTLite core to the hardware design. Debug messages can be enabled by
defining the constant XUSB_DEBUG, - To run this example, the evaluation board is
to be connected to a windows Host PC over the USB port. - The example configures
the USB device for endpoint 0 and endpoint 1. Endpoint 0 is the control endpoint
and is configured for a maximum packet length of 64 bytes. End point 1 is
configured for INTERRUPT IN transactions and the maximum packet size is
configured as 16 bytes. - The USB keyboard example code has to be compiled along
with the xusb_cp9.c file. The xusb_cp9.c file contains all the USB enumeration
related functions. To compile the code for USB keyboard example, the constant
definitions HID_DEVICES and USB_KEYBOARD are to be defined and the definitions
the constants USB_MOUSE and MASS_STORAGE_DEVICE are to be undefined. These
definitions can be found in the xusb_types.h file. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY:
Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- 1.00a hvm 5/31/07 First release 3.00a hvm
11/18/09 Updated to use HAL processor APIs. XUsb_mReadReg is renamed to
XUsb_ReadReg and XUsb_mWriteReg is renamed to XUsb_WriteReg. 4.00a hvm 08/11/11
Updated the code in gpio isr to increment the index by 4 as a dummy byte is
added in the Message variable in keyboard.h file to handle the address alignment
issue. 4.02a bss 11/01/11 Modified UsbIfIntrHandler function to unconditionally
reset when USB reset is asserted (CR 627574). </pre> / Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_keyboard.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_keyboard.h This file contains the constants, type
definitions, variables and function prototypes used in the USB keyboard example.
@note None. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- 1.00a
hvm 5/31/07 First release 3.02a hvm 08/16/10 Updated with the little endian
support changes. 4.00a hvm 08/11/11 Updated the Message[] variable data to
handle the address alignment issue. 4.02a bss 11/01/11 Number of endpoints
changed from 0x00 to 0x01 in FsUsbConfig to support Full Speed (CR 627573).
</pre> /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_keyboard.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_mouse.c This file contains an example for USB Mouse. @note
- The example is tested on ML403 and ML507 evaluation boards. The push buttons
SW3,SW4,SW5 and SW7 on the ML403 evaluation board are used in the example for
the mouse movement of the USB mouse. The push buttons used on ML507 board are
SW10,SW11 SW12,SW13 and SW14. The cursor on the host PC moves as and when any of
the SW3 or SW4 or SW5 and SW7 push button is pressed. The SW6 push button switch
is used to complete the test. The push buttons on the ML507 board for cursor
movement are SW10, SW11, SW 12 and SW13. The push button for completing the test
is SW14. - The GPIO device has to be added to the hardware design so that the
push buttons on the evaluation board could be used. If we enable the debug
statements in the xusb_cp9.c file, we must add the UARTLite core to the hardware
design. Debug messages can be enabled by defining the constant XUSB_DEBUG, - To
run this example, the evaluation board is to be connected to a windows Host PC
over the USB port. - The example configures the USB device for endpoint 0 and
endpoint 1. Endpoint 0 is the control endpoint and is configured for a maximum
packet length of 64 bytes. End point 1 is configured for INTERRUPT IN
transactions and the maximum packet size is configured as 16 bytes. - The USB
mouse example code has to be compiled along with the xusb_cp9.c file. The
xusb_cp9.c file contains all the USB enumeration related functions. To compile
the code for USB mouse example, the constant definitions HID_DEVICES and
USB_MOUSE are to be defined and the definitions the constants USB_KEYBOARD and
MASS_STORAGE_DEVICE are to be undefined. These definitions can be found in the
xusb_types.h file. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ----
1.00a hvm 6/21/07 First release 3.00a hvm 11/18/09 Updated to use HAL processor
APIs. XUsb_mReadReg is renamed to XUsb_ReadReg and XUsb_mWriteReg is renamed to
XUsb_WriteReg. 4.02a bss 11/01/11 Modified UsbIfIntrHandler function to
unconditionally reset when USB reset is asserted (CR 627574). </pre> / Include
Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_mouse.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_mouse.h This file contains the constants, type
definitions, variables and function prototypes used in the mouse application.
@note None. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- 1.00a
hvm 3/30/07 First release 3.02a hvm 08/16/10 Updated with the little endian
support changes. </pre> /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_mouse.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_storage.c This file contains Mass storage device
application related functions. @note The example is tested on MicroBlaze, PPC405
and 440 systems with caches included in the H/W design and also with systems not
having caches. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- 1.00a
hvm 2/22/07 First release 1.01a hvm 5/30/07 Added code to handle endpoint zero
class specific commands. Added support for PPC. 1.01a hvm 10/2/08 The complete
SCSI READ command processing implementation is modified. The send processing is
shifted into the endpoint one interrupt handler.Updated the code to enable
caches. 2.00a hvm 12/08/08 Updated the example with cache APIs 2.00a hvm
03/12/09 Updated the example with DMA Done check for every transaction
initiated. 3.00a hvm 11/18/09 Updated to use HAL processor APIs. XUsb_mReadReg
is renamed to XUsb_ReadReg and XUsb_mWriteReg is renamed to XUsb_WriteReg. 3.02a
hvm 08/16/10 Updated with the little endian support changes. 4.00a hvm 06/01/11
Signature parameter of Command Status word is initialized with 'U''S''B''S' in
ProcessRxCmd function. CR611761 fix. 4.00a hvm 24/06/11 The cache flush call
with 512 size in EP1 handler is moved inside the HIGHSPEED condition. CR614791
4.02a bss 11/01/11 Modified UsbIfIntrHandler function to unconditionally reset
when USB reset is asserted (CR 627574). 5.2 MNK 03/30/2016 Modified the example
to support ZYNQMP. </pre> / Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_storage.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_storage.h This file contains the constants, type
definitions, variables and function prototypes used in the mass storage
application. @note None. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
---- 1.00a hvm 2/12/07 First release 1.01a hvm 10/2/08 The variables IntLba in
Lba and IntBlockCount in BlockCount are declared as volatile. 2.00a hvm 03/12/09
Modified the RAMDISKSECTORS constant value from 0x4000 to 0x400 as this would
reduce the code size and the example can run in a smaller memory systems. 3.02a
hvm 08/16/10 Updated with the little endian support changes. 4.00a hvm 10/25/10
Updated with DmaIntrHandler function prototype. Updated INQUIRY command with pad
values. 4.00a hvm 06/01/11 Modified the USB Mass Storage Command Status Wrapper
structure. The union for Signature is removed and only the array definition of
Signature is retained. CR611761 fix. 4.00a hvm 06/24/11 Updated the INQUIRY
command fourth parameter value to 0. CR614794 4.01a hvm 08/11/11 Updated the
RamDisk variable to have a 32 bit address alignment. 4.01a hvm 09/14/11 Fixed
the compilation issue at the RamDisk variable declaration. CR625055. </pre> /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_storage.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_storage_polled_mode.c This file contains Mass storage
device application related functions implemented in polled mode. @note The
example is tested on MicroBlaze, with caches included in the H/W design. This
example works for USB high speed interface only. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver
Who Date Changes ----- ---- 4.00a hvm 05/24/11 Created based on the
xusb_storage.c example. 4.01a bss 11/01/11 Modified UsbIfIntrHandler function to
unconditionally reset when USB reset is asserted (CR 627574). 4.02a bss 04/05/12
Modified the sequence of Cache Flush and Invalidation. The cache flush happens
just before the driver API EPDataSend is called. Similarly the cache
invalidation is done after the call to EPDataReceive and after the dma transfer
is over. </pre> / Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_storage_polled_mode.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_types.h This file contains the constants, type
definitions, variables as used in the USB chapter 9 and mass storage demo
application. @note None. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
---- 1.00a hvm 2/22/07 First release 4.00a hvm 12/20/10 Updated with the Audio
device definitions. </pre> /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/examples/xusb_types.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb.c @addtogroup usb_v5_2 @{ The XUsb driver. Functions in
this file are the minimum required functions for this driver. See xusb.h for a
detailed description of the driver. @note None. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver
Who Date Changes ----- ---- 1.00a hvm 2/22/07 First release 2.00a hvm 10/22/08
Added DMA APIs. 3.00a hvm 12/3/09 Added XUsb_ReadErrorCounters API to return USB
error counters data. Updated to use HAL processor APIs. XUsb_mReadReg is renamed
to XUsb_ReadReg and XUsb_mWriteReg is renamed to XUsb_WriteReg. 3.02a hvm
7/15/10 Added Device ID initialization in XUsb_CfgInitialize function
(CR555996). 4.00a hvm 10/21/10 Added ULPI PHY Read/Write APIs. Added DMA handler
initialization in XUsb_CfgInitialize function 4.03a bss 06/20/10 Added SIE Reset
API (XUsb_SieReset) to reset the SIE state machine (CR 660602) 5.1 sk 11/10/15
Used UINTPTR instead of u32 for Baseaddress CR 867425. Changed the prototype of
XUsb_CfgInitialize API. 5.2 MNK 29/03/15 Added 64bit changes for ZYNQMP. </pre>
/ Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/src/xusb.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb.h @addtogroup usb_v5_2 @{ @details This file contains the
implementation of the XUsb component. It is the driver for the USB device
controller. The USB device controller supports the following features: - USB 2.0
Specification supporting High/Full/Low Speed - 8 Endpoints - 1 Control Endpoint
- 7 Configurable Endpoints, which can be configured as IN or OUT , and
configurable as Interrupt or Bulk or Isochronous - 2 Ping Pong Buffers for all
the endpoints except the Control Endpoint <b>Initialization & Configuration</b>
The device driver enables higher layer software (e.g., an application) to
communicate to the USB device. Apart from transmission and reception of USB
frames the driver also handles the configuration of the device. A single device
driver can support multiple USB devices. XUsb_CfgInitialize() API is used to
initialize the USB device. The user needs to first call the XUsb_LookupConfig()
API which returns the Configuration structure pointer which is passed as a
parameter to the XUsb_CfgInitialize() API. - Configuration of the DEVICE
endpoints: The endpoints of the device need to be configured using the
XUsb_EpConfigure() function call. After configuration is complete, the endpoints
need to be initialized using the XUsb_EpInitializeAll() function call. <b> PHY
Communication </b> As the H/W doesn't give any provision for the driver to
configure the PHY, the driver doesn't provide any mechanism for directly
programming the PHY. <b> DMA </b> The USB device has an inbuilt DMA. It's a
simple DMA for data transfer between endpoint buffer memory and the external
memory. The driver has two APIs for DMA operation. one API is used for resetting
the DMA module of the USB device. The other API is for initiating the DMA
transfer. The DMA transfer API is internal to the driver and is used by the USB
endpoint data send and data receive functions. Upon completion of DMA transfer
the USB device sets the buffer ready bit of the endpoint for which the DMA
transfer is initiated. Setting of the buffer ready bit enables
transmission/reception of an endpoint data. To enable the USB device to know to
which endpoint the current DMA transfer is initiated, the driver writes the
buffer ready mask to the DMA control register. The DMA in the device can be
enabled or disabled only during the system build time. <b> Interrupts </b> The
driver provides an interrupt handler XUsb_IntrHandler for handling the interrupt
from the USB device. The users of this driver have to register this handler with
the interrupt system and provide the callback functions. The interrupt handlers
and associated callback functions for the USB device have to be registered by
the user using the XUsb_IntrSetHandler() function and/or XUsb_EpSetHandler()
function. XUsb_IntrSetHandler() function installs an asynchronous callback
function for the general interrupts (interrupts other than the endpoint
interrupts). XUsb_EpSetHandler() function installs the callback functions for
the interrupts related to the endpoint events. A separate callback function has
to be installed for each of the endpoints. <b> Virtual Memory </b> This driver
supports Virtual Memory. The RTOS is responsible for calculating the correct
device base address in Virtual Memory space. <b> Threads </b> This driver is not
thread safe. Any needs for threads or thread mutual exclusion must be satisfied
by the layer above this driver. <b> Asserts </b> Asserts are used within all
Xilinx drivers to enforce constraints on argument values. Asserts can be turned
off on a system-wide basis by defining, at compile time, the NDEBUG identifier.
By default, asserts are turned on and it is recommended that users leave asserts
on during development. <b> Building the driver </b> The XUsb driver is composed
of several source files. This allows the user to build and link only those parts
of the driver that are necessary. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date
Changes ----- ---- -------- 1.00a hvm 02/22/07 First release. 1.01a hvm 05/30/07
The chapter 9 files are moved to examples directory. 1.01a sdm 08/22/08 Removed
support for static interrupt handlers from the MDD file 1.01a hvm 10/02/08 The
Buffer0Ready, Buffer1Ready are declared as volatile. In function
XUsb_EpDataRecv, the initialization of Buffer0Ready, Buffer1Ready and CurBufNum
variables is moved before the buffer ready bit is set in the buffer ready
register. Added the initialization of Buffer0Ready, Buffer1Ready and CurBufNum
variables in the XUsb_EpDataSecd function. 2.00a hvm 10/22/08 Added Support for
the new XPS USB device. The new device has support for DMA. Apart from the DMA,
remote wakeup feature is also added the USB device. However, there is no
additional code needed to be added in the driver to support this feature. 3.00a
hvm 12/03/09 Added the modifications related to the new USB error reporting
register in the XPS USB device. Updated to use HAL processor APIs. Removed _m
from the name of the macros. XUsb_mReadReg is renamed to XUsb_ReadReg and
XUsb_mWriteReg is renamed to XUsb_WriteReg. 3.01a hvm 5/20/10 Updated with fix
for CR561171.The interrupt handler is updated to call the error handler callback
function during error interrupts. 3.02a hvm 7/15/10 Added Device ID
initialization in XUsb_CfgInitialize function (CR555996). 3.02a hvm 8/5/10
Updated the XUsb_EpDataRecv function to ensure that the buffer ready bit setup
is now made only during non-DMA case. CR570776. 3.02a hvm 8/16/10 Updated the
examples with the little endian support. 4.00a hvm 10/21/10 Added new API
XUsb_DmaIntrSetHandler for setting up DMA handler. Updated the XUsb_IntrHandler
function to call the DMA handler to handle DMA events. Removed DmaDone and
DmaError variables from the XUsb structure. Added two new APIs to provide access
to the new ULPI PHY register. 4.01a hvm 8/23/11 Added new bit definitions for
isochronous transfer bits in endpoint configuration register. Added a new API
for setting these bits for a given endpoint. These bits are available only in
the newer versions of the AXI USB IP. Check the IP datasheet for more details.
4.02a bss 3/04/12 Modified XCOMPONENT_IS_READY to XIL_COMPONENT_IS_READY CR
650877 4.03a bss 06/20/10 Added SIE Reset API to reset (XUsb_SieReset) the SIE
state machine in xusb.c and SIE Reset Mask in xusb_l.h for CR 660602 4.04a bss
10/22/13 Added macros for HSIC PHY registers in xusb_l.h. 5.0 adk 19/12/13
Updated as per the New Tcl API's 5.1 sk 11/10/15 Used UINTPTR instead of u32 for
Baseaddress CR 867425. Changed the prototype of XUsb_CfgInitialize API. 5.2 MNK
29/03/15 Added 64bit changes for ZYNQMP. ms 03/17/17 Modified text file in
examples folder for doxygen generation. 5.3 asa 02/05/19 Added
dependencies.props in data folder for importing examples in SDK. </pre> /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/src/xusb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_endpoint.c @addtogroup usb_v5_2 @{ This file contains the
USB end point related function definitions. @note None. <pre> MODIFICATION
HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- 1.00a hvm 2/22/07 First release 1.01a
hvm 10/2/08 In function XUsb_EpDataRecv, the initialization of Buffer0Ready,
Buffer1Ready and CurBufNum variables is moved before the buffer ready bit is set
in the buffer ready register. Added the initialization of Buffer0Ready,
Buffer1Ready and CurBufNum variables in the XUsb_EpDataSend function. 2.00a hvm
12/2/08 Updated the XUsb_EpDataSend and XUsb_EpRecv functions to provide support
for DMA and non DMA modes of data transfer. 3.00a hvm 11/18/09 Updated to use
HAL processor APIs. Removed _m from the name of the macros. 3.02a hvm 8/5/10
Updated the XUsb_EpDataRecv function to ensure that the buffer ready bit setup
is now made only during non-DMA case. CR570776. 4.01a hvm 8/23/11 Added an API
to set the number of isochronous transfers in a microframe for a given endpoint.
</pre> / Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/src/xusb_endpoint.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_g.c @addtogroup usb_v5_2 @{ This file contains a
configuration table that specifies the configuration of the USB devices in the
system. @note None. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ----
-------- 1.00a hvm 2/22/07 First release 2.00a hvm 12/2/08 Updated the
configuration structure with the INCLUDE_DMA option. </pre> Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/src/xusb_g.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_intr.c @addtogroup usb_v5_2 @{ This file contains the
functions that are related to interrupt processing for the USB device. <pre>
MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- 1.00a hvm 2/22/07 First
release. 2.00a hvm 12/2/08 Updated the interrupt handler for handling the new
DMA bits defined in the interrupt status register. 3.00a hvm 12/3/09 Updated to
use HAL processor APIs. Removed _m from the Added the interrrupt handling for
the error interrupts. Added new API XUsb_ErrIntrSetHandler for setting up error
handler. 3.01a hvm 5/20/10 Updated with fix for CR561171. The interrupt handler
is updated to call the error handler callback function during error interrupts.
4.00a hvm 9/01/10 Added new API XUsb_DmaIntrSetHandler for setting up DMA
handler. Updated the XUsb_IntrHandler function to call the DMA handler to handle
DMA events. Removed the DmaDone and DmaError variable usage from the
XUsb_IntrHandler function. Added interrupt handling for ULPI PHY interrupts.
4.02a bss 3/04/12 Modified XCOMPONENT_IS_READY to XIL_COMPONENT_IS_READY CR
650877 </pre> / Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/src/xusb_intr.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_l.h @addtogroup usb_v5_2 @{ This header file contains
identifiers and low-level driver function prototypes (or macros) that can be
used to access the USB device. High-level driver function prototypes are defined
in xusb.h. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- --------
1.00a hvm 2/22/07 First release 2.00a hvm 12/2/08 Updated the register offset
values as per the new USB device datasheet. Added new bitmasks related to DMA
operation as defined in the datasheet. 3.00a hvm 10/28/09 Updated the new USB
error register related constants 3.00a hvm 11/18/09 Updated to use HAL processor
APIs. XUsb_mReadReg is renamed to XUsb_ReadReg and XUsb_mWriteReg is renamed to
XUsb_WriteReg. Updated the new USB error register related constants. 4.00a hvm
10/21/10 Updated the ULPI PHY and interrupt register related constants. 4.01a
hvm 08/23/11 Updated with High bandwidth Isochronous bit definitions 4.03a bss
06/20/10 Added SIE Reset Mask (CR 660602) 4.04a bss 10/22/13 Added macros for
HSIC PHY registers. </pre>

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/src/xusb_l.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2006 Vreelin Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All rights
reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xusb_sinit.c @addtogroup usb_v5_2 @{ This file contains the
implementation of the XUsb driver's static initialization functionality. @note
None. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- -------- 1.00a
hvm 12/28/06 First release </pre> Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usb/src/xusb_sinit.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

File generated on Tue Feb 19 04:17:02 EST 2019 Vivado(TM) HLS - High-Level
Synthesis from C, C++ and SystemC v2019.1.0 (64-bit) SW Build 2453764 on Mon Feb
18 12:01:12 MST 2019 IP Build 2453739 on Mon Feb 18 14:42:34 MST 2019 Copyright
1986-2019 Xilinx, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CTRL 0x00 : Control signals bit 0 -
ap_start (Read/Write/COH) bit 1 - ap_done (Read/COR) bit 2 - ap_idle (Read) bit
3 - ap_ready (Read) bit 7 - auto_restart (Read/Write) others - reserved 0x04 :
Global Interrupt Enable Register bit 0 - Global Interrupt Enable (Read/Write)
others - reserved 0x08 : IP Interrupt Enable Register (Read/Write) bit 0 -
Channel 0 (ap_done) bit 1 - Channel 1 (ap_ready) others - reserved 0x0c : IP
Interrupt Status Register (Read/TOW) bit 0 - Channel 0 (ap_done) bit 1 - Channel
1 (ap_ready) others - reserved 0x10 : Data signal of width bit 31~0 -
width[31:0] (Read/Write) 0x14 : reserved 0x18 : Data signal of height bit 31~0 -
height[31:0] (Read/Write) 0x1c : reserved 0x20 : Data signal of read_fb_V bit
31~0 - read_fb_V[31:0] (Read/Write) 0x24 : Data signal of read_fb_V bit 31~0 -
read_fb_V[63:32] (Read/Write) 0x28 : reserved 0x30 : Data signal of colorFormat
bit 7~0 - colorFormat[7:0] (Read/Write) others - reserved 0x34 : reserved 0x38 :
Data signal of algo bit 7~0 - algo[7:0] (Read/Write) others - reserved 0x3c :
reserved 0x40 : Data signal of invert_field_id bit 0 - invert_field_id[0]
(Read/Write) others - reserved 0x44 : reserved 0x50 : Data signal of write_fb_V
bit 31~0 - write_fb_V[31:0] (Read/Write) 0x54 : Data signal of write_fb_V bit
31~0 - write_fb_V[63:32] (Read/Write) 0x58 : reserved (SC Self Clear, COR Clear
on Read, TOW Toggle on Write, COH Clear on Handshake)

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_deinterlacer/src/xv_deinterlacer_hw.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

CAUTION: This file is automatically generated by HSI. Version: 2018.3 DO NOT
EDIT. All Rights Reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_rd/src/xv_frmbufrd_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_frmbuf_wr/src/xv_frmbufwr_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmiphy1/src/xhdmiphy1_g.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Byte-oriented AES-256 implementation. All lookup tables replaced with 'on the
fly' calculations. Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Ilya O. Levin,
http://www.literatecode.com Other contributors: Hal Finney Permission to use,
copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee
is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in all copies. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL AUTHOR BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/aes256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/aes256.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Byte-oriented AES-256 implementation. All lookup tables replaced with 'on the
fly' calculations. Copyright (c) 2007-2009 Ilya O. Levin,
http://www.literatecode.com Other contributors: Hal Finney Permission to use,
copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee
is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in all copies. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL AUTHOR BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/aes256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/aes256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/aes256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/hdcp_key_utility/aes256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/aes256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/aes256.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Filename: sha256.c Author: Brad Conte (brad AT bradconte.com) Copyright:
Disclaimer: This code is presented "as is" without any guarantees. Details:
Implementation of the SHA-256 hashing algorithm. SHA-256 is one of the three
algorithms in the SHA2 specification. The others, SHA-384 and SHA-512, are not
offered in this implementation. Algorithm specification can be found here:
http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/fips/fips180-2/fips180-2withchangenotice.pdf
This implementation uses little endian byte order. HEADER FILES /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/sha256.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/sha256.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Filename: sha256.h Author: Brad Conte (brad AT bradconte.com) Copyright:
Disclaimer: This code is presented "as is" without any guarantees. Details:
Defines the API for the corresponding SHA1 implementation.

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/sha256.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/sha256.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file idt_8t49n24x.c @addtogroup IDT_8T49N24x @{ <pre> Copyright (c) 2016 Adeas
B.V. All rights reserved. MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
------ -------- X.XX XX YY/MM/DD 1.00 RHe 16/06/20 Initial release. A ported
version from the 8T49N28X-FrequencyProgrammingGuide register-calculations.py
script 2.00 MG 16/08/15 Major update 2.10 MG 16/09/05 Added LOS variable 2.20 GM
18/02/08 Converted math.h functions (e.g. ceil) to standard functions </pre>
Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/idt_8t49n24x.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/idt_8t49n24x.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file idt_8t49n24x.h @addtogroup IDT_8T49N24x @{ <pre> Copyright (c) 2016 Adeas
B.V. All rights reserved. MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
------ -------- X.XX XX YY/MM/DD 1.00 RHe 16/06/20 Initial release. A ported
version from the 8T49N28X-FrequencyProgrammingGuide register-calculations.py
script 2.00 MG 16/08/15 Major update 2.10 MG 16/09/05 Added LOS variable 2.20 GM
18/02/08 Converted math.h functions (e.g. ceil) to standard functions </pre>

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmirxss/examples/xhdmi_example/idt_8t49n24x.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/v_hdmitxss/examples/xhdmi_example/idt_8t49n24x.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

vim: set et fde fdmsyntax ftc.doxygen ts4 sts4 sw4 : / Copyright © 2011 Saleem
Abdulrasool <compnerd@compnerd.org>. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file
xvidc_parse_edid.c <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---
---------- 1.00 mmo 24-01-2017 Included into video_common 1.01 eb 13-04-2018
Fixed XV_VidC_parse_edid API and xvidc_edid_extension_handler struct to enhance
system stability 1.10 eb 03-08-2018 Updated XV_VidC_parse_edid </pre> /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/video_common/src/xvidc_parse_edid.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

CAUTION: This file is automatically generated by HSI. Version: 2018.3.0 DO NOT
EDIT. All Rights Reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdiaud/src/xsdiaud_g.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF PLRCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PRTNICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEPLNT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cframe/src/xcframe.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cframe/src/xcframe.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfupmc/src/xcfupmc.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfupmc/src/xcfupmc.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_fabric.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_fabric.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.87 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-02-16 @file:
cfu_apb.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cfupmc/src/cfu_apb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/audio_formatter/src/xaudioformatter_sinit.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xmeio.c @{ This file contains the low level layer IO interface
<pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ------ -------- 1.0 Hyun
07/12/2018 Initial creation 1.1 Hyun 10/11/2018 Initialize the IO device for mem
instance </pre> Include Files /

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/lib/ext/xmeio.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xmeio.h @{ This file contains the generic definitions for the
ME simulator interface. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes -----
------ -------- 1.0 Hyun 07/12/2018 Initial creation </pre>

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/lib/ext/xmeio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xmetile_proc.c @{ This file contains the API for ME tile
processor. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ------
-------- 1.0 Hyun 08/17/2018 Initial creation 1.1 Hyun 10/15/2018 Don't start
the remoteproc in elfloading to allow multiple elfloading. </pre> Include Files
/

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/lib/ext/xmetile_proc.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xmetile_proc.h @{ This file contains the variable and function
prototypes for ELF loading. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes
----- ------ -------- 1.0 Hyun 08/17/2018 Initial creation </pre>

FILES:
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/mathengine/src/lib/ext/xmetile_proc.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

putnum.c -- put a hex number on the output device. Copyright (c) 1995 Cygnus
Support The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that
existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice is
included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to this
software may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing
terms described here, provided that the new terms are clearly indicated on the
first page of each file where they apply. / putnum -- print a 32 bit number in
hex / Include Files /

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/putnum.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright DornerWorks 2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/arm64_ops.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/hypercall.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen_events.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

xen.h Guest OS interface to Xen. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge,
to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Copyright (c) 2004, K A Fraser /
Copyright DornerWorks 2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(C) 2006 - Grzegorz Milos - Cambridge University File: console.h Author:
Grzegorz Milos Changes: Date: Mar 2006 Environment: Xen Minimal OS Description:
Console interface. Handles console I/O. Defines printk. Permission is hereby
granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. /
Copyright DornerWorks 2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen_console.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

xen_console.h Created on: Sep 14, 2016 Author: jarvis / Copyright DornerWorks
2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen_console.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

xen_events.h Created on: Sep 14, 2016 Author: jarvis / Copyright DornerWorks
2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen_events.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

print.c -- print a string on the output device. Copyright (c) 1995 Cygnus
Support The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that
existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice is
included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to this
software may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing
terms described here, provided that the new terms are clearly indicated on the
first page of each file where they apply. / print -- do a raw print of a string
/

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/print.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. All
Rights Reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. If you wish to use our Amazon
FreeRTOS name, please do so in a fair use way that does not cause confusion. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
http://www.FreeRTOS.org http://aws.amazon.com/freertos Having a problem? Start
by reading the FAQ "My application does not run, what could be wrong?". Have you
defined configASSERT()? http://www.FreeRTOS.org/FAQHelp.html FreeRTOS provides
completely free yet professionally developed, robust, strictly quality
controlled, supported, and cross platform software that is more than just the
market leader, it is the industry's de facto standard. Help yourself get started
quickly while simultaneously helping to support the FreeRTOS project by
purchasing a FreeRTOS tutorial book, reference manual, or both:
http://www.FreeRTOS.org/Documentation Investing in training allows your team to
be as productive as possible as early as possible, lowering your overall
development cost, and enabling you to bring a more robust product to market
earlier than would otherwise be possible. Richard Barry is both the architect
and key author of FreeRTOS, and so also the world's leading authority on what is
the world's most popular real time kernel for deeply embedded MCU designs.
Obtaining your training from Richard ensures your team will gain directly from
his in-depth product knowledge and years of usage experience. Contact Real Time
Engineers Ltd to enquire about the FreeRTOS Masterclass, presented by Richard
Barry: http://www.FreeRTOS.org/contact You are receiving this top quality
software for free. Please play fair and reciprocate by reporting any suspected
issues and participating in the community forum: http://www.FreeRTOS.org/support
Thank you! http://www.FreeRTOS.org - Documentation, books, training, latest
versions, license and Real Time Engineers Ltd. contact details.
http://www.FreeRTOS.org/plus - A selection of FreeRTOS ecosystem products,
including FreeRTOS+Trace - an indispensable productivity tool, a DOS compatible
FAT file system, and our tiny thread aware UDP/IP stack.
http://www.FreeRTOS.org/labs - Where new FreeRTOS products go to incubate. Come
and try FreeRTOS+TCP, our new open source TCP/IP stack for FreeRTOS.
http://www.OpenRTOS.com - Real Time Engineers ltd license FreeRTOS to High
Integrity Systems ltd. to sell under the OpenRTOS brand. Low cost OpenRTOS
licenses offer ticketed support, indemnification and commercial middleware.
http://www.SafeRTOS.com - High Integrity Systems also provide a safety
engineered and independently SIL3 certified version for use in safety and
mission critical applications that require provable dependability. 1 tab 4
spaces! FreeRTOS includes. /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/freertos_hello_world/src/freertos_hello_world.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / Connection handle for a TCP Client
session /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/freertos_tcp_perf_client.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_client/src/tcp_perf_client.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / Connection handle for a UDP Client
session /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_udp_perf_client/src/udp_perf_client.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_client/src/udp_perf_client.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / Connection handle for a UDP Server
session /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/freertos_lwip_udp_perf_server/src/udp_perf_server.c
lib/sw_apps/lwip_udp_perf_server/src/udp_perf_server.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / ipi_latency_demod.c This is the
remote side of the IPI latency measurement demo. This demo does the follwing
steps: 1. Open the shared memory device. 1. Open the TTC timer device. 2. Open
the IPI device. 3. Register IPI interrupt handler. 6. When it receives IPI
interrupt, the IPI interrupt handler to stop the RPU to APU TTC counter. 7.
Check the shared memory to see if demo is on. If the demo is on, reest the RPU
to APU TTC counter and kick IPI to notify the remote. 8. If the shared memory
indicates the demo is off, cleanup resource: disable IPI interrupt and
deregister the IPI interrupt handler. /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/freertos/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/ipi_latency_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/ipi_latency_demod.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / ipi_shmem_demo.c - shared memory
with IPI demo This demo will: 1. Get the shared memory device I/O region. 2. Get
the IPI device I/O region. 3. Register IPI interrupt handler. 4. Wait for remote
IPI notification to receive message. 5. When message is received, check if it is
shutdown message. 6. If it is shutdown message, do cleanup, otherwise, echo it
back to the shared buffer. 7. Kick IPI to notify there is a message written to
the shared memory if it echos back the message. 8. Repeat 4. 9. Clean up:
disable IPI interrupt, deregister the IPI interrupt handler. Here is the Shared
memory structure of this demo: |0x0 - 0x03 | number of APU to RPU buffers
available to RPU | |0x04 - 0x07 | number of APU to RPU buffers consumed by RPU |
|0x08 - 0x1FFC | address array for shared buffers from APU to RPU | |0x2000 -
0x2003 | number of RPU to APU buffers available to APU | |0x2004 - 0x2007 |
number of RPU to APU buffers consumed by APU | |0x2008 - 0x3FFC | address array
for shared buffers from RPU to APU | |0x04000 - 0x103FFC | APU to RPU buffers |
|0x104000 - 0x203FFC | RPU to APU buffers | /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/freertos/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/ipi_shmem_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/ipi_shmem_demod.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / shmem_latency_demod.c This is the
remote side of the IPI latency measurement demo. This demo does the follwing
steps: 1. Get the shared memory device libmetal I/O region. 1. Get the TTC timer
device libemtal I/O region. 2. Get IPI device libmetal I/O region and the IPI
interrupt vector. 3. Register IPI interrupt handler. 6. When it receives IPI
interrupt, the IPI interrupt handler marked the remote has kicked. 7. Check the
shared memory to see if demo is on. If the demo is on, copy data from the shared
memory to local memory, stop the APU to RPU timer. Reset the RPU to APU TTC
counter, copy data from local memory to shared memory, kick IPI to notify the
remote. 8. If the shared memory indicates the demo is off, cleanup resource:
disable IPI interrupt and deregister the IPI interrupt handler. /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/freertos/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/shmem_latency_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/shmem_latency_demod.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / shmem_throughput_demo_task.c This
is the remote side of the shared memory throughput demo. This demo does the
following steps: 1. Get the shared memory device libmetal I/O region. 1. Get the
TTC timer device libemtal I/O region. 2. Get IPI device libmetal I/O region and
the IPI interrupt vector. 3. Register IPI interrupt handler. 6. Download
throughput measurement: Start TTC RPU counter, wait for IPI kick, check if data
is available, if yes, read as much data as possible from shared memory. It will
iterates untill 1000 packages have been received, stop TTC RPU counter and kick
IPI to notify the remote. Repeat for different package size. 7. Upload
throughput measurement: Start TTC RPU counter, write data to shared memory and
kick IPI to notify remote. It will iterate for 1000 times, stop TTC RPU counter.
wait for APU IPI kick to know APU has finished receiving packages. Kick IPI to
notify it TTC RPU conter value is ready to read. Repeat for different package
size. 8. Cleanup resource: disable IPI interrupt and deregister the IPI
interrupt handler. Here is the Shared memory structure of this demo: |0x0 - 0x03
| number of APU to RPU buffers available to RPU | |0x04 - 0x1FFFFF | address
array for shared buffers from APU to RPU | |0x200000 - 0x200004 | number of RPU
to APU buffers available to APU | |0x200004 - 0x3FFFFF | address array for
shared buffers from RPU to APU | |0x400000 - 0x7FFFFF | APU to RPU buffers |
|0x800000 - 0xAFFFFF | RPU to APU buffers | /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/freertos/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/shmem_throughput_demod.c
lib/sw_apps/libmetal_echo_demo/src/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_amp_demo/shmem_throughput_demod.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / platform_ppc.c PPC specific
functions to setup timer /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/lwip_echo_server/src/platform_ppc.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2] [Google]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / Connection handle for a TCP Server
session /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/lwip_tcp_perf_server/src/tcp_perf_server.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation. All rights reserved. All rights
reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / FILE NAME platform_info.c
DESCRIPTION This file define platform specific data and implements APIs to set
platform specific information for OpenAMP. /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/machine/zynq7/platform_info.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/machine/zynq7/platform_info.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/machine/zynq7/platform_info.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. All rights
reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / This file populates resource
table for BM remote for use by the Linux Master /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/machine/zynq7/rsc_table.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/machine/zynq7/rsc_table.h
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/rsc_table.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/rsc_table.h
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/machine/zynq7/rsc_table.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/machine/zynq7/rsc_table.h
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/rsc_table.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/rsc_table.h
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/machine/zynq7/rsc_table.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/machine/zynq7/rsc_table.h
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/rsc_table.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/rsc_table.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / FILE NAME platform_info.c DESCRIPTION This
file define platform specific data and implements APIs to set platform specific
information for OpenAMP. /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/platform_info.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/platform_info.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/platform_info.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / FILE NAME zynqmp_r5_a53_rproc.c DESCRIPTION
This file define Xilinx ZynqMP R5 to A53 platform specific remoteproc
implementation. /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/openamp_echo_test/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_r5_a53_rproc.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_matrix_multiply/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_r5_a53_rproc.c
lib/sw_apps/openamp_rpc_demo/src/machine/zynqmp_r5/zynqmp_r5_a53_rproc.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the
Xilinx shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx.
@file ps7_init.c This file is automatically generated

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc702/ps7_init.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc706/ps7_init.c
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zed/ps7_init.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> @file ps7_init_gpl.c This file is automatically
generated

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc702/ps7_init_gpl.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> @file ps7_init_gpl.h This file can be included in
FSBL code to get prototype of ps7_init() function and error codes

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc702/ps7_init_gpl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> @file ps7_init_gpl.c This file is automatically
generated

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc706/ps7_init_gpl.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> @file ps7_init_gpl.h This file can be included in
FSBL code to get prototype of ps7_init() function and error codes

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zc706/ps7_init_gpl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> @file ps7_init_gpl.c This file is automatically
generated

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zed/ps7_init_gpl.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> @file ps7_init_gpl.h This file can be included in
FSBL code to get prototype of ps7_init() function and error codes

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/misc/zed/ps7_init_gpl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [BSD] [BSD-3] [BSD-2]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com) All rights reserved. This
package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). The
implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL. This library is
free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following conditions
are aheared to. The following conditions apply to all code found in this
distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.
The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered by the same
copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code
are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should
be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used. This can be
in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation (online
or textual) provided with the package. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgement: "This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the
rouines from the library being used are not cryptographic related :-). 4. If you
include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from the apps
directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement: "This product
includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)" THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. The licence and distribution terms for any publically available
version or derivative of this code cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot
simply be copied and put under another distribution licence [including the GNU
Public Licence.] / @file md5.c Contains code to calculate checksum using md5
algorithm <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- --------
5.00a sgd 05/17/13 Initial release </pre> @note Include Files /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynq_fsbl/src/md5.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102-es2/psu_init_gpl.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> @file psu_init_gpl.h This file is automatically
generated

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102-es2/psu_init_gpl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102/psu_init_gpl.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [GPL] [Free-Software-Foundation]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this program; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> @file psu_init_gpl.h This file is automatically
generated

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/zynqmp_fsbl/misc/zcu102/psu_init_gpl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PRTNICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xilcdo.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xilcdo.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xilcdo_npi.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xilcdo_npi.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_board.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_config.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_crx.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_debug.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_default.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_dma.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_dma.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_err.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_handoff.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_hooks.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_hooks.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_hw.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_init.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_iomodule.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_iomodule.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_main.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_main.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_misc.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_misc.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_npi.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_ospi.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_pdi.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_prtn_load.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_qspi.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_qspi.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_uart.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_util.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_util.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_iomodule.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_ipi_manager.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_power.c
lib/sw_apps/versal_psmfw/src/xpsmfw_reset.c
lib/sw_services/xilpdi/src/xilpdi.c
lib/sw_services/xilpdi/src/xilpdi.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMDDRIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF DDRRCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PRTNICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEDDRNT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xpmcfw_crx.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xsecure_aes.h This file contains hardware interface related
information for CSU AES device This driver supports the following features: -
AES decryption with/without keyrolling - Authentication using GCM tag
<b>Initialization & Configuration</b> The Aes driver instance can be initialized
in the following way: - XSecure_AesInitialize(XSecure_Aes InstancePtr, XCsuDma
CsuDmaPtr, u32 KeySel, u32 Iv, u32 Key) The key for decryption can be the device
key or user provided key. KeySel variable denotes the key to be used. In case
the key is user provided, key has to be provided in Key variable. If it is
device key, the key variable will be ignored and device key will be used The
initial Initialization vector will be used for decrypting secure header and
block 0 of given encrypted data. @note -The format of encrypted data(boot image)
has to be exactly as specified by the bootgen. Any encrypted data has to start
with a secure header first and then the data blocks. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY:
Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- -------- 1.00 ba 10/10/14 Initial release 1.1 ba
11/10/15 Modified Key loading logic in AES encryption </pre>

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xsecure_aes.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xsecure_rsa.h This file contains hardware interface related
information for RSA device This driver supports the following features: - RSA
4096 based decryption - verification/authentication of decrypted data
<b>Initialization & Configuration</b> The Rsa driver instance can be initialized
in the following way: - XSecure_RsaInitialize(XSecure_Rsa InstancePtr, u8
EncText, u8 Mod, u8 ModExt, u8 ModExpo) The method used for RSA decryption needs
precalculated value off R^2 mod N which is generated by bootgen and is present
in the signature along with modulus and exponent. @note -The format of the
public key( modulus, exponent and precalculated R^2 mod N should be same as
specified by the bootgen -For matching, PKCS paddding scheme has to be applied
in the manner specified by the bootgen. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date
Changes ----- ---- -------- 1.0 ba 10/10/14 Initial release </pre>

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xsecure_rsa.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xsecure_sha.c This file contains the implementation of the
interface functions for SHA driver. Refer to the header file xsecure_sha.h for
more detailed information. <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes
----- ---- -------- 1.00 ba 08/10/14 Initial release </pre> @note Include Files
/

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xsecure_sha.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail-safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. @file xsecure_sha.h This file Contains the function prototypes,
defines and macros for the SHA-384 hardware module. This driver supports the
following features: - SHA-3 hash calculation <b>Initialization &
Configuration</b> The SHA-3 driver instance can be initialized in the following
way: - XSecure_Sha3Initialize(XSecure_Sha3 InstancePtr, XCsuDma CsuDmaPtr) A
pointer to CsuDma instance has to be passed in initialization as CSU DMA will be
used for data transfers to SHA module. @note <pre> MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who
Date Changes ----- ---- -------- 1.00 ba 11/05/14 Initial release </pre> @note

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/xsecure_sha.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
cframe0_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/cframe0_reg.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/cframe0_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
cframe_bcast_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/cframe_bcast_reg.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/cframe_bcast_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
cfu_apb.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/cfu_apb.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/cfu_apb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
cpm_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/cpm_slcr.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/cpm_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
crf.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/crf.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/crf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
crl.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/crl.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/crl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
crp.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/crp.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/crp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
efuse_cache.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/efuse_cache.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/efuse_cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
fpd_apu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/fpd_apu.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/fpd_apu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
lpd_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/lpd_iou_slcr.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/lpd_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
pmc_analog.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/pmc_analog.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/pmc_analog.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
pmc_dma0.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/pmc_dma0.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/pmc_dma0.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
pmc_dma1.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/pmc_dma1.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/pmc_dma1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
pmc_global.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/pmc_global.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/pmc_global.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
pmc_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/pmc_iou_slcr.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/pmc_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
pmc_tap.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/pmc_tap.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/pmc_tap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
psm_global_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/psm_global_reg.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/psm_global_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
rpu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/rpu.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/rpu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-11-11 @file:
slave_boot.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw100/slave_boot.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw90/slave_boot.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
cframe0_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/cframe0_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
cframe_bcast_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/cframe_bcast_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
cfu_apb.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/cfu_apb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
cpm_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/cpm_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
crf.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/crf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
crl.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/crl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
crp.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/crp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
efuse_cache.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/efuse_cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
fpd_apu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/fpd_apu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
lpd_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/lpd_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
pmc_analog.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/pmc_analog.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
pmc_dma0.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/pmc_dma0.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
pmc_dma1.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/pmc_dma1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
pmc_global.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/pmc_global.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
pmc_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/pmc_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
pmc_tap.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/pmc_tap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
psm_global_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/psm_global_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
rpu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/rpu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-12-08 @file:
slave_boot.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw110/slave_boot.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
cframe0_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/cframe0_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
cframe_bcast_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/cframe_bcast_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
cfu_apb.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/cfu_apb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
crf.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/crf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
crl.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/crl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
crp.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/crp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
efuse_cache.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/efuse_cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
fpd_apu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/fpd_apu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
pmc_analog.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/pmc_analog.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
pmc_dma0.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/pmc_dma0.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
pmc_dma1.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/pmc_dma1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
pmc_global.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/pmc_global.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
pmc_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/pmc_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
pmc_tap.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/pmc_tap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
psm_global_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/psm_global_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
rpu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/rpu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-05-06 @file:
slave_boot.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw50/slave_boot.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
cframe0_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/cframe0_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
cframe_bcast_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/cframe_bcast_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
cfu_apb.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/cfu_apb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
cpm_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/cpm_slcr.h
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/cpm_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
crf.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/crf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
crl.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/crl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
crp.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/crp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
efuse_cache.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/efuse_cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
fpd_apu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/fpd_apu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
lpd_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/lpd_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
pmc_analog.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/pmc_analog.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
pmc_dma0.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/pmc_dma0.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
pmc_dma1.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/pmc_dma1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
pmc_global.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/pmc_global.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
pmc_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/pmc_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
pmc_tap.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/pmc_tap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
psm_global_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/psm_global_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
rpu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/rpu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-06-19 @file:
slave_boot.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw60/slave_boot.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
cframe0_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/cframe0_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
cframe_bcast_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/cframe_bcast_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
cfu_apb.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/cfu_apb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
crf.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/crf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
crl.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/crl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
crp.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/crp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
efuse_cache.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/efuse_cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
fpd_apu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/fpd_apu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
lpd_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/lpd_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
pmc_analog.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/pmc_analog.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
pmc_dma0.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/pmc_dma0.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
pmc_dma1.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/pmc_dma1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
pmc_global.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/pmc_global.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
pmc_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/pmc_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
pmc_tap.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/pmc_tap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
psm_global_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/psm_global_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
rpu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/rpu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-08-14 @file:
slave_boot.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw70/slave_boot.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
cframe0_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/cframe0_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
cframe_bcast_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and
other intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license
and does not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE
AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and (2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or
tort, including negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss
or damage of any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with
these materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or
any type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/cframe_bcast_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
cfu_apb.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/cfu_apb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
cpm_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/cpm_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
crf.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/crf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
crl.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/crl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
crp.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/crp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
efuse_cache.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/efuse_cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
fpd_apu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/fpd_apu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
lpd_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/lpd_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
pmc_analog.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/pmc_analog.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
pmc_dma0.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/pmc_dma0.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
pmc_dma1.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/pmc_dma1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
pmc_global.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/pmc_global.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
pmc_iou_slcr.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/pmc_iou_slcr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
pmc_tap.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/pmc_tap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
psm_global_reg.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/psm_global_reg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
rpu.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of Xilinx,
Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/rpu.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-09-16 @file:
slave_boot.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_apps/versal_pmcfw/src/hw80/slave_boot.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
FatFs - Generic FAT Filesystem Module R0.13b /
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Copyright (C) 2018, ChaN, all right reserved. FatFs module is an open source
software. Redistribution and use of FatFs in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following condition is
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this condition and the following disclaimer. This software is provided by the
copyright holder and contributors "AS IS" and any warranties related to this
software are DISCLAIMED. The copyright owner or contributors be NOT LIABLE for
any damages caused by use of this software.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/ff.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------/ Low
level disk I/O module skeleton for FatFs (C)ChaN, 2016 /
-----------------------------------------------------------------------/ All
rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/diskio.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------/ Sample
Code of OS Dependent Functions for FatFs / (C)ChaN, 2017 /
------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/ffsystem.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Unicode handling functions for FatFs R0.13b /
------------------------------------------------------------------------/ This
module will occupy a huge memory in the .const section when the / FatFs is
configured for LFN with DBCS. If the system has any Unicode / utilitiy for the
code conversion, this module should be modified to use / that function to avoid
silly memory consumption. /
-------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Copyright (C) 2018, ChaN, all right reserved. FatFs module is an open source
software. Redistribution and use of FatFs in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following condition is
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this condition and the following disclaimer. This software is provided by the
copyright holder and contributors "AS IS" and any warranties related to this
software are DISCLAIMED. The copyright owner or contributors be NOT LIABLE for
any damages caused by use of this software.

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/ffunicode.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------/ Low
level disk interface modlue include file (C)ChaN, 2014 /
-----------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/include/diskio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
FatFs - Generic FAT Filesystem module R0.13b /
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Copyright (C) 2018, ChaN, all right reserved. FatFs module is an open source
software. Redistribution and use of FatFs in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following condition is
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this condition and the following disclaimer. This software is provided by the
copyright holder and contributors "AS IS" and any warranties related to this
software are DISCLAIMED. The copyright owner or contributors be NOT LIABLE for
any damages caused by use of this software.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/include/ff.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------------/
FatFs - Configuration file
---------------------------------------------------------------------------/ All
rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/include/ffconf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS IS" AS A COURTESY TO
YOU, SOLELY FOR USE IN DEVELOPING PROGRAMS AND SOLUTIONS FOR XILINX DEVICES. BY
PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS ONE POSSIBLE IMPLEMENTATION OF
THIS FEATURE, APPLICATION OR STANDARD, XILINX IS MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT
THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE
RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION.
XILINX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE ADEQUACY
OF THE IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OR
REPRESENTATIONS THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. (c)
Copyright 2002, 2003 Xilinx Inc. All rights reserved. Flash Writer for the
Toshiba TH50VSF2580/2581AASB and TH50VSF3680/3681AASB Flash Memory Base Address.
This should be set to the value in the current system as specified in .mhs file.

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilmfs/src/utils/flash.tcl
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (C) 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved. Permission is hereby
granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of
the Xilinx shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from
Xilinx

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilskey/examples/xilskey_puf_regeneration.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0]

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(c) 2013 Xilinx Inc. XREGDB v0.91 XREGCHDR v0.15 Generated on: 2018-10-30 @file:
pmc_global.h This file contains confidential and proprietary information of
Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and international copyright and other
intellectual property laws. DISCLAIMER This disclaimer is not a license and does
not grant any rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as otherwise
provided in a valid license issued to you by Xilinx, and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort, including
negligence, or under any other theory of liability) for any loss or damage of
any kind or nature related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential loss or damage (including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any
type of loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought by a third
party) even if such damage or loss was reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been
advised of the possibility of the same. CRITICAL APPLICATIONS Xilinx products
are not designed or intended to be fail safe, or for use in any application
requiring fail-safe performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities, applications related to
the deployment of airbags, or any other applications that could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe property or environmental damage (individually and
collectively, "Critical Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical Applications, subject only
to applicable laws and regulations governing limitations on product liability.
THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS PART OF THIS FILE AT
ALL TIMES. Naming Convention: <MODULE>_<REGISTER>[_<FIELD>[_<DESC>]] <MODULE>
Module name (e.g. can or usb) <REGISTER> Register within the current module
[_<FIELD>] Bit field within a register [_<DESC>] Type of bit field define:
SHIFT: Least significant bit for the field WIDTH: Size of field in bites MASK: A
masking over a range of bits or a bit to be used for setting or clearing /

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilplmi/src/pmc_global.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Makefile for Xilinx MCAP Interface Library (c) 2014-2015 Xilinx Inc.

FILES:
mcap/linux/Makefile
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


